TRIVIA STUDY GUIDE (v1.1.5)

== Intro ==
Hey how's it going. This guide here is a futile attempt to get every #trivia question down on paper in an easy to digest format. Use your computer's find (ctrl/cmd + f) function to find questions quickly.

There is sometimes more than one answer to some questions in the trivia, but the fastest answers are listed so players can save time. For the questions whose answers can be typed in similar speeds, those questions are listed in the "trivia about #trivia" at the bottom of this file.

Questions are generally sorted by game progression and relevance.

Syntax:
Major sections are separated by = bars. As sections go down, they are styled as follows:
> [1] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
>> [2] -----------------------------------------
>>> 3 ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

This guide applies to both #trivia and #epic-battles as they pull from the same question pool.

https://terraria.gamepedia.com/
Quick access wiki link. Type after the slash to get to a page fast.

== Patch notes ==
v1.1.5 - Added more questions/rewords from the October Update. Added 33 questions from ZucriyAmsuna#5436.
v1.1.4 - Added more questions/rewords from the October Update. Added 49 questions from ZucriyAmsuna#5436. Added 3 questions from Insaneous#2747. Adjusted some Unknown questions.
v1.1.3 - Added more questions from the October Update. Adjusted some questions' answers/wording. Added 34 questions from ZucriyAmsuna#5436.
v1.1.2 - Added more questions from the October Update.
v1.1.1 - Added more questions from the October Update. Added a table of contents. Re-organized some of the enemy drop questions. Added tip from spooktronix#5965.
v1.1 - OCTOBER UPDATE! This update has reworded old questions and added new ones to stump even the most seasoned trivia members. Thank you to everyone who posted questions in #trivia-chat! 
* Fixed typo in one question.
* Added 50 questions from Insaneous#2747.
* Added 9 questions from Slade#0002
* Added 1 question from StephanTimmy#6269
* Added 2 questions from DuneX22#5256
* Added 1 question from Wither_boy1664#8984
* Added two unknown questions. These questions were asked, but were not solved in time.
* Implemented multiple rewords of old questions.
* 3 y-o
v1.0.4 - "wooden greaves" -> "wood greaves" (Which piece of armor grants 0 defense in the PC version?), Added 1 question from ZucriyAmsuna#5436
v1.0.3 - Added 3 questions from ZucriyAmsuna#5436. Added message for when the trivia bot times out. Added "Which armor set grants you the ability to dash?" to Bad Answers.
v1.0.2 - Moved patch notes & wiki link to top; Tip from XultroniX#5965
v1.0.1 - Added 2 questions from ZucriyAmsuna#5436
v1.0 - Release by Qw2#2990

== Table of Contents [TOC] ==
Questions
- Unknown
- Items
-- Crafting (materials)
-- Stations
-- Weapons/Tools
-- Ammo
-- Bait & Fishing
-- Pets
-- Consumables/Potions
-- Armor/Accessories
-- The Only Effect
-- Painting depictions
-- Tooltips
-- Pressure plates
-- Colors
-- How many X
-- How many X (Crafting edition)
-- Hair
-- Dye
-- Rarity
-- Modifiers
-- Misc.
- Buffs
-- Tooltips/Appearance
-- Effects
-- Inflicting
- Blocks
-- Furniture/Non solids
-- Herb
- Events
- World
-- World statistic questions
-- Biomes
--- Underground
--- Desert
--- Sword Shrine
--- Bee Hive
--- Corruption
--- Crimson
--- Jungle
--- Jungle Temple
--- Floating Island
--- Snow
--- Dungeon
--- Mushroom
--- Underworld
--- Ocean
--- Hallow
- Enemy & Boss
-- Enemy/Boss general
-- Enemy/Boss behavior
-- Enemy/Boss debuffs/immune
-- Enemy/Boss appearance
-- Enemy/Boss drops
-- Which X drops from X
-- Which enemy drops X
-- Dungeon spawns
- NPC
-- NPC general
-- NPC wares
-- NPC name questions
-- NPC quotes
- Achievements
- Lore
- Terraria versions
- External media
-- References
-- Community
- Misc.
- (Tips and) Trivia about #trivia
-- Bad Answers
-- Alternate Answers
-- Deprecated Questions

== Questions ==

> [Unknown] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Without using items that increase view range, what is the maximum horizontal distance that the Ruler can measure, in blocks?
???

What is the highest-defense armor piece that does not increase damage or critical strike chance for any class?
???

Which item provides a defense boost that scales with your current movement speed?
???

Which enemy's banner resembles a fish hanging upside-down?
???

Name a Tombstone variant that appears to have green moss hanging from it.
???

Which ranged weapon cannot deal critical hits, despite having a listed critical strike chance of 4%?
???

Which naturally-spawning pre-Hardmode enemy that inflicts the Poisoned debuff is not found in the Jungle?
???

Other than the Dungeon Guardian, what is the most damaging enemy that can spawn in pre-Hardmode through any legitimate method?
???

Which placeable item appears to be made of Crystal Blocks, but is not crafted with them?
rainbow campfire

Which Horseshoe Balloon does not provide a double jump?
amber

How many vanity items worn in the head slot are not part of a set?
81

Which weapon, despite having its base damage lowered, was greatly buffed in version 1.3?
???

How many non-consumable weapons deal throwing damage?
???

What non-accessory vanity item has the highest sell price?
???

What is the lowest base damage weapon that can deal more than 2 damage to Deadly Spheres?
???

What is the only weapon whose projectiles bounce off of enemies, but not off of blocks?
???

> [Items] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

How many different items share the name "Strange Plant"?
4

Which bar can stack to 999?
luminite

Which item has the shortest name?
gi

Which 100% useless junk item is not obtained through fishing?
coal

What item replaces Mana Stars during the Halloween season?
soul cake

What item replaces Hearts during the Halloween season?
candy apple

What item replaces Hearts during the Christmas season?
candy cane

Which hiragana character is depicted on a bottle of Sake?
o

>> [Crafting (materials)] --------------------------
Which gem is needed in order to craft the Slime Crown?
ruby

What item do you need to craft Torches into Orange Torches?
amber

Aside from herbs and Bottled Water, what item is used to craft Swiftness Potions?
cactus

Name a naturally-growing Mushroom item that cannot be used as an ingredient at an alchemy station.
green mushroom

Aside from herbs and Bottled Water, what item is used to craft Hunter Potions?
shark fin

Which potion requires Cobwebs to craft?
dangersense

What type of item can only be crafted near a Table and a Chair?
watch

Name one of the ingredients in Grub Soup.
buggy

What ingredient other than Wood is needed in order to craft a Target Dummy?
hay

What vanity item is crafted with Black Lenses?
sunglasses

Along with bones, what material is needed to craft Necro armor?
cobweb

How many items can be crafted with a Vial of Venom?
3

How many recipes use the bone item in the PC version?
51

Aside from herbs and Bottled Water, what item is used to craft Titan Potions?
bone

What ingredient is combined with Empty Bullets to create High Velocity Bullets?
cog

How many crafting recipes use the Lucky Horseshoe?
7

Name a type of bar required to craft the Drill Containment Unit that can be found before Hardmode.
meteorite

Which weapon that requires Souls of Sight to craft is not a magic weapon?
optic staff

What item can be combined with Wooden Arrows to create Unholy Arrows?
worm tooth

Name an item craftable with Pink Gel by hand that is not bouncy.
pink torch

Aside from the Rage Potion, which other potion can only be crafted in worlds containing the Crimson?
heartreach

Which potion requires a Lens to craft?
archery

Which yoyo's crafting recipe includes another yoyo?
chik

Name an item that can be used to craft a type of Bowl.
clay

What equippable item can be crafted with Lenses?
goggles

Aside from Copper Bars, name an item that can be crafted using Copper Ore.
copper plating

Which bar has the highest sell value?
luminite

What ingredient is used in most potions?
bottled water

What is the only weapon that requires Vines to craft?
amazon

Which gem has the lowest sell value?
amethyst

What fish can be used to craft two different potions?
specular

What item can be used to turn a regular Bomb into a Bouncy Bomb?
pink gel

Which fish do you need two of in order to craft an Inferno Potion?
obsidifish

Which fish do you need one of in order to craft an Inferno Potion?
flarefin koi

What weapon is used to craft a Sky Fracture?
magic missle

Which armor set is crafted at a Loom?
obsidian

Which fish is used to craft Endurance Potions?
armored cavefish

Which fish is used to craft the Wrath Potion?
ebonkoi

Which fish is used to craft Summoning Potions?
variegated lardfish

Which fish is used to craft Rage Potions?
hemopiranha

Which fish is used to craft Recall and Wormhole Potions?
specular

Which fish is used to craft the Ammo Reservation Potion?
double cod

Which fish is used to craft Love Potions?
princess

Which fish is used to craft Teleportation Potions?
chaos

Which fish is used to craft the Heartreach Potion?
crimson tigerfish

Which fish is used to craft the Calming Potion?
damselfish

Which fish is used to craft the Lifeforce Potion?
prismite

Which fish is used to craft Warmth Potions?
frost minnow

Name one of the 2 fish used to craft the Inferno Potion.
obsidifish

What is the only item crafted exclusively at an Adamantite or Titanium Forge that is not a type of bar?
crystal block

What is the only item that can be combined with both Empty Bullets and Wooden Arrows?
vial of venom

Name a fish other than Bass that can be turned into Cooked Fish.
salmon

What herb is needed to craft a Summoning Potion?
moonglow

Aside from the Featherfall Potion, what potion requires a Feather to craft?
gravitation

Which naturally-occurring gem is not used to craft Stained Glass?
diamond

Excluding hamaxes, name a hammer that cannot be crafted.
pwnhammer

What is the name of the tool dropped by the Wall of Flesh?
pwnhammer

Which fish is used to craft Ammo Reservation Potions?
double cod

How many items require Tissue Samples as a crafting ingredient?
6

Which Soul is used in the largest number of different weapons?
light

How many different types of fish require the player to NOT be in certain specific biomes to be caught?
4

Aside from herbs and Bottled Water, what item is used to craft Sonar Potions?
coral

Which Hardmode crafting material has no use other than being crafted into a vanity set?
ancient cloth

What material is combined with Wooden Arrows to create Jester's Arrows?
fallen star

What ingredient is needed to upgrade Lesser Healing Potions into Healing Potions?
glowing mushroom

How many different items can be crafted using Copper Bars as the only ingredient?
6

Name a type of "Feather" that is only used to craft wings.
fire

To craft Holy Water, you need Bottled Water, Hallowed Seeds, and what third ingredient?
pixie dust

Which pre-Hardmode bar can be used to craft a Hardmode weapon?
meteorite

Which non-placeable item can be used to craft Stucco?
green thread

Which weapon can be crafted using a Shotgun?
onyx blaster

How many weapons require a Soul of Night as a component?
6

How many weapons require a Soul of Light as a component?
7

How many weapons require a Soul of Might as a component?
2

How many different fishing catches can be turned into Sashimi?
4

What is the only boss summoning item that can be crafted by hand?
abeemination

What weapon requires a Black Lens to craft?
optic staff

What item can be crafted using a Copper or Tin Watch?
5 second timer

Which Platinum item cannot be crafted from Platinum ore or bars?
platinum coin

Aside from herbs and Bottled Watter, what item is used to craft Hunter Potions?
shark fin

Which item used to craft a type of bullet can also be placed as a solid block?
cog

Which item requires the largest number of Souls of Light to craft?
angel wings

What item can be crafted using Jungle Grass Seeds?
green thread

True or false: The Mechanical Skull requires Adamantite/Titanium bars to be crafted.
false

What is the only item that is crafted at a Tinkerer's Workshop using one ingredient?
boulder

Excluding Shroomite, which type of bar cannot be used to craft a pickaxe?
meteorite

What crafting material obtainable in pre-Hardmode is useless until you obtain a Mythril or Orichalcum Anvil?
giant harpy feather

What material aside from Ectoplasm is required to craft Spectre Bars?
chlorophyte

Name a sword used in the crafting of the Night's Edge.
muramasa

Frostburn arrows are crafted using Wooden Arrows and which other item?
ice torch

What item do you need one of in order to craft a piano?
book

Which bar cannot be crafted?
hallowed

What is the only Cage that contains a sprite that does not match the critter it is crafted with?
penguin

What is the only critter that is not used in any crafting recipes?
truffle worm

What consumable item is needed to summon Duke Fishron?
truffle worm

Which crafting material has no purpose other than to be combined with Empty Bullets?
explosive powder

What is the only type of bar in the game that requires something in addition to its corresponding ore to be crafted?
hellstone

What ingredient can be combined with Bottled Water to create a Flask of Fire?
hellstone

Which spear is crafted using hallowed bars?
gungnir

Which Hardmode bar is the only one that cannot be crafted?
hallowed

Which item is required to upgrade the Night's Edge and Excalibur to their "True" versions?broken hero sword

What type of soul is needed to craft the Megashark?
might

How many Souls of Flight are needed to craft every item that requires them?
300

Which item do you need to craft most wings?
soul of flight

How many weapons require a Soul of Fright as a component?
1

How many weapons require a Soul of Sight as a component?
3

Which type of Soul is required to craft the Flamethrower?
fright

Which type of bar requires the most ore to craft?
chlorophyte

Which material is used to craft the Solar Eruption?
solar fragment

In order to craft Spectre bars, you need ectoplasm and what other material?
chlorophyte

Which boss summoning item has the largest number of different crafting recipes?
mechanical worm

What is the only craftable Expert mode-exclusive item?
mechanical cart

Which accessory can be combined with the Celestial Stone?
moon shell

What material is used to craft the Solar Eruption?
solar fragments

How many different stat boosts does the Celestial Stone grant?
7

What item is only used to craft Spooky Wings?
spooky twig

How much money is required to craft The Grand Design?
15g

How many accessories are required in total to craft the Master Ninja Gear?
4

How many different items cannot be crafted without Pink Gel?
10

Which item was added to the game based on a suggestion made by a forum member named Ilmarinen?
pink gel

Which color gel does not stack with other gel colors?
pink

How many items can be crafted using Pink Gel by hand?
6

>> [Stations] ----------------------------------------

What type of crafting station can act as a replacement for liquid water?
sink

Name an item that can be crafted by hand as long as you are near a water source.
water bottle

How much does it cost to buy a Dye Vat?
5g

Which crafting station is dropped by King Slime?
solidifier

What type of crafting station is required to craft weapons with a Spell Tome?
bookcase

Which crafting station provides a chance to not consume crafting materials?
alchemy table

What crafting station is used to craft Ale?
keg

Which crafting station is used to craft Steampunk furniture?
steampunk boiler

How many different Flasks can be crafted at an Imbuing Station?
8

Which crafting station is used to craft exactly 2 types of tables?
sawmill

Name a crafting station that can be used to craft bars, but is not a type of furnace/forge.
autohammer

Other than the Furnace and Hellforge, which pre-Hardmode crafting station that resembles a furnace can be used to craft bars?
glass kiln

What crafting station is required to craft a Target Dummy?
sawmill

Which crafting station can be obtained only in worlds that were generated with the Crimson?
flesh cloning vat

Which crafting station can Lunar Fragments be used at?
ancient manipulator

Which crafting station allows you to craft blocks and furniture related to slime?
solidifier

At which crafting station can you craft Frozen Slime Blocks?
solidifier

What crafting station is used to combine accessories?
tinkerer's workshop

Which crafting station is required to craft Shroomite bars?
station

How many different blocks can be crafted at a Solidifier?
3

Which crafting station does the Dye Trader sell?
dye vat

Which crafting station is used to craft Flesh blocks?
meat grinder

Which crafting station, found in the Dungeon, can be used to craft potions with a bonus chance of not consuming the materials used to craft the potion?
alchemy table

Which crafting station is used to craft Asphalt blocks?
blend o matic

Which crafting station are Shroomite bars crafted at?
autohammer

Which crafting station is required to craft Flasks?
imbuing station

Name a crafting station that is only used to craft one item.
blend o matic

What furniture item is needed in order to obtain Sturdy Fossils?
extractinator

Which crafting station is used to craft critter statues?
heavy work bench

How many different blocks can be placed into the Extractinator?
3

How many different items can be placed on a flat surface to become a valid crafting station for potions?
7

How many items can only be crafted near a Table and a Chair?
6

>> [Weapons/Tools] -----------------------------------
What is the maximum attainable minion capacity?
11

Which melee weapon can be considered an early Hardmode version of the Death Sickle?
ice sickle

Which type of special glowstick is not crafted using regular Glowsticks?
spelunker

Which Hardmode spear has the same base damage as the Dark Lance?
cobalt naginata

What item can be crafted by hand using Vile Powder as an ingredient?
poisoned knife

Which gun has the lowest (non-zero) base damage?
minishark

Which pre-Hardmode gun has the highest base damage?
musket

What is the base critical strike chance of the majority of weapons?
4

How many magic weapons fire a freely controllable projectile?
3

Which sword can poison enemies?
blade of grass

Which melee weapon has the lowest base damage?
wooden hammer

Which sword is crafted using Stingers and Jungle Spores?
blade of grass

Which pre-Hardmode pickaxe has the highest base damage?
reaver shark

What consumable weapon can be obtained by opening Presents?
star anise

Which minion-summoning weapon has the highest base damage?
stardust cell staff

What is the weakest throwing weapon that you can hurt yourself with?
happy grenade

Name a pre-Hardmode magic weapon with no knockback.
wand of sparking

Other than the Slime Staff, what is the only summon weapon that can be obtained before killing any boss?
imp staff

Only two craftable spears have names that include the same word. What is that word?
halberd

Which mining tool can be obtained by killing enemies in pre-Hardmode?
bone pickaxe

Which weapon can only be found in Water Chests?
trident

Other than chandeliers, what item can be crafted using Chains at an Iron or Lead Anvil?
grappling hook

Name one of the weapons whose sprite has the shortest width.
magic dagger

Which item obtained from enemies has the lowest drop rate?
slime staff

Which type of pre-Hardmode broadsword comes in six different colors, all of which share the same stats?
phaseblade

Which bow fires the largest number of (physical) arrows at once?
aerial bane

Which pre-Hardmode weapon can fire exactly four different types of ammo, three of which pierce through enemies?
sandgun

Name a weapon that can be obtained by killing the Wall of Flesh.
breaker blade

Which weapon's sprite has the shortest height?
blowpipe

Aside from grass, what type of plant can be grown with a Staff of Regrowth?
moss

What is the lowest-rarity sword whose name does not include "sword"?
zombie arm

Which weapon can be purchased from a Skeleton Merchant during the waning moon phases?
gradient

Name a Hardmode weapon that can be crafted with Illegal Gun Parts.
megashark

What is the only item that can be crafted with Illegal Gun Parts before Hardmode?
sandgun

Which accessory allows the player to deal damage by dashing?
shield of cthulhu

What is the only “Pistol” that shoots bullets?
flintlock pistol

What is the only weapon that can be turned into armor?
bone

Name a ranged weapon that does not consume ammo.
harpoon

Name a shortsword that does not cost 7 bars to craft.
tungsten

Which pre-Hardmode weapon fires a projectile similar to that of the Golden Shower?
aqua scepter

How many weapons have the word "Trident" in their name?
3

What is the weakest gem staff?
amethyst

Which hook retracts the fastest?
bat

What is the only "Pistol" that shoots bullets?
flintlock

Which gun fires projectiles that bounce, pierce through enemies, and are affected by gravity?
candy corn rifle

Which piece of the Shroomite armor set specifically boosts the damage of arrow weapons?
headgear

Which tool that can be caught through fishing is not caught in the Ocean?
rockfish

What is the only hamaxe that cannot be crafted?
the axe

Which throwing weapon has the highest base damage?
bouncy grenade

How many magic weapons that resemble books can be obtained in pre-Hardmode?
2

How many enemies can be damaged by a single Throwing Knife?
2

How many weapons have a critical strike chance higher than 4%?
25

How many bows can fire a different projectile in place of Wooden Arrows?
9

What is the base damage of a Palladium Pike?
32

What is the only pre-Plantera summoning staff that summons a sentry?
queen spider

Name an item that can be obtained by breaking pots only in Hardmode.
grenade

Name a sword that creates a projectile only if its blade hits an enemy.
horseman's blade

Which weapon can be purchased from a Skeleton Merchant during the waxing moon phases?
format c

Which weapon can inherently inflict both the Poisoned and Venom debuffs?
pygmy staff

What is the Crimson counterpart to Light's Bane?
blood butcherer

Name a magical tome weapon that can be obtained in pre-Hardmode.
water bolt

Which magic weapon fires multiple homing projectiles per shot that do not pierce enemies?
bat scepter

What is the only Chakram in the game besides the Thorn Chakram?
fruitcake chakram

Which melee weapon was formerly a magic weapon?
starfury

Which weapon inflicts the most damaging debuff in the game?
solar eruption

Other than the Flairon, which flail fires projectiles?
flower pow

Which weapon can fire two different types of unique ammo?
flare gun

Which bow has the highest base damage?
pulse

Which weapon is crafted with Cobwebs?
wooden yoyo

How many different types of ore can be used to craft potions?
4

How many rocket weapons can you damage yourself with?
3

What weapon can be obtained from a locked Gold Chest, but not from a Golden Lock Box?
valor

What is the base damage of the Bouncy Grenade?
65

Which pre-Hardmode magic weapon has the highest mana cost?
book of skulls

Which ranged weapon has the highest knockback?
sniper rifle

How many weapons and tools have names starting with "The"?
8

Which sword shares its name with an enemy?
enchanted sword

Which hammer cannot be used as a tool?
paladin's hammer

Which item "celebrates" the addition of 1000 items to the game in total, with an internal item ID of 1000?
confetti gun

Name a grappling hook that does not have "Hook" in its name.
ivy whip

Which magic weapon does not create a visible projectile, and appears to have no effect when aimed at an empty space?
life drain

Which magic weapon has the lowest non-zero mana cost?
wand of sparking

Which weapon dropped by Plantera has no knockback?
wasp gun

How many yoyos innately inflict debuffs?
3

What is the maximum number of times an enemy can be hit with piercing damage in one second?
6

Which weapon inflicts a debuff that can deal up to 800 damage per second?
daybreak

Which yoyo obtainable before defeating a mechanical boss has the highest base damage?
amarok

Not counting classless weapons, what is the highest base damage weapon that has zero knockback?
nebula blaze

True or false: You can deal critical hits to other players in PvP combat.
false

How many magic weapons have no knockback?
8

Name one of the 3 pickaxes with the weakest pickaxe power that can mine Luminite ore.
tin

Which boomerang can be obtained by opening Presents?
fruitcake chakram

What Crimson-exclusive weapon is crafted with a Spell Tome?
golden shower

Which weapon do you receive upon character creation?
copper shortsword

Which shortsword has the highest base damage?
platinum

Which weapon creates a piercing projectile that targets a random enemy on the screen?
ghastly glaive

What pre-Hardmode weapon summons projectiles from the sky?
starfury

What is the only pre-Hardmode gun that fires multiple bullets in one shot?
boomstick

Name an item with a tooltip that includes the name of the boss that it is dropped by.
golem fist

What ranged weapon can be found in naturally-generated Ivy Chests?
boomstick

What is the maximum amount of damage that the Stardust Cell Staff's unique debuff can deal per tick?
100

Which gun fires the largest number of bullets per shot?
tactical shotgun

What is the only weapon that can damage friendly NPCs without the use of accessories?
rotten egg

Which pre-Hardmode fish works like a broadsword, and is not a type of tool?
purple clubberfish

What is the strongest craftable Chainsaw?
chlorophyte chainsaw

What is the base damage of a Snowball in the PC version?
8

How many items with names ending in "Gun" do not deal damage?
4

How many weapons have a 100% chance of inflicting the Poisoned debuff?
1

In which biome can you find the Dark Lance?
hell

Which weapon found in Shadow Chests is not fire-themed?
dark lance

What is the only weapon with a 100% chance to inflict the Poisoned debuff?
toxikarp

What weapon does the Skeleton Merchant use?
bone

Which weapon with "Blaster" in its name is not a ranged weapon?
charged blaster cannon

Which item unique to the Pirate Invasion has the highest drop rate?
cutlass

What is the only non-consumable throwing weapon that can be obtained in normal mode?
ale tosser

Which hook is Crimson-exclusive?
tendon

What consumable weapon is dropped by most Goblins?
spiky ball

Which boomerang is crafted using another boomerang?
flamarang

Which magic weapon cannot deal critical hits?
life drain

Name a painting only sold by the Painter in Hardmode.
sky guardian

Which weapon with the word "Trident" in its name is not a melee weapon?
unholy trident

What is the weakest yoyo that features the One Drop logo?
rally

Which unique treasure found in Dungeon chests cannot be used in the Dungeon itself?
shadow key

What is the only yoyo that is found in a chest?
valor

Which weapon, despite containing "sword" in its name, is not actually a sword?
swordfish

Which weapon produces projectiles that are affected by gravity, but fall upwards rather than downwards?
toxikarp

What is the only homing magic weapon obtainable in pre-Hardmode?
bee gun

What weapon includes Silk as a crafting ingredient?
molotov cocktail

What is the maximum number of Bananarangs that can be stacked?
10

What is the least damaging weapon with "Very Strong" knockback?
enchanted boomerang

What weapon is sold by the Traveling Merchant only after Plantera is defeated?
pulse bow

Which magic weapon can inflict Frostburn?
flower of frost

Which Traveling Merchant-exclusive weapon has the lowest chance of appearing in his inventory?
pulse bow

What weapon shares its color scheme with the Enchanted Boomerang?
enchanted sword

What melee weapon is known for its ability to kill Plantera faster than Plantera can kill a stationary player?
fetid baghnakhs

Which pre-Hardmode weapon has the highest critical strike chance?
katana

Which yoyo can be obtained as a drop after defeating one mechanical boss, but before defeating Plantera?
yelets

Which yoyo has a 0.25% drop rate in pre-Hardmode?
cascade

What is the only weapon that becomes completely unobtainable in Hardmode?
cascade

Which minion produces poop?
pirate

What is the only gun in the game that shoots blocks?
sandgun

Name one of the 2 guns with the slowest fire rate.
shotgun

Which magic weapon can be used without consuming mana?
space gun

What is the only weapon with a base damage of 0?
coin gun

Which item that requires Rich Mahogany to craft does not have "Rich Mahogany" in its name?
amazon

Name a pickaxe that has the same pickaxe power as the Copper Pickaxe.
tin

Which ranged weapon can be crafted into two different weapons?
minishark

Which minion can deal contact damage to enemies, but prefers to fire projectiles instead?
sharknado

What is the only pre-Hardmode gun that has an innate chance not to consume ammo?
minishark

Which magic weapon has the lowest base damage?
wand of sparking

Which Hardmode weapon has the word "Scepter" in its name?
bat scepter

Which accessory shares its sound effect with the Aqua Scepter?
rocket boots

Which equippable item gains special visual effects when wearing a full set of Shadow armor?
rocket boots

Which magic weapon's inventory sprite is visible on the player even when not actively in use?
magical harp

What word does every minion-based summoning weapon have in its name?
staff

Which item with a name that ends with "Gun" is consumed upon use?
confetti gun

What magic weapon can be obtained directly through fishing in Hardmode?
crystal serpent

What is the only item crafted with Illegal Gun Parts that doesn't require an anvil to craft?
sandgun

Which magic weapon cannot activate the set bonus of Spectre armor?
life drain

Name a magic weapon with the same (non-trademarked) name as something that can be bought at a store in real life.
leaf blower

What is the only weapon that can be found by smashing Crimson Hearts whose name does not start with "The"?
crimson rod

Which gun can only be obtained during the Christmas season?
red ryder

Which weapon can be obtained by fishing in lava?
obsidian swordfish

Which weapon can be obtained from Wooden Crates?
anchor

Which weapon can you find in the Dungeon by breaking certain books?
water bolt

Which weapon can be found in the Dungeon without opening chests or killing enemies?
water bolt

Which weapon creates a literal rain of blood?
crimson rod

How many times can a Water Bolt's projectile ricochet before it disappears?
5

What is the only ranged weapon that requires gems to craft?
sandgun

Which weapon can be found in chests on Floating Islands?
starfury

Which hamaxe has the lowest hammer and axe power?
meteor

Which tool has the highest range?
laser drill

Name one of the magic weapons tied for the lowest use time.
crystal storm

Which weapon shares its name with a type of spice?
star anise

Only two Hardmode spears have names that include the same word. What is that word?
halbard

Which sword is a likely reference to a famous 16th century Japanese swordsmith?
muramasa

Which pre-Hardmode spear has the highest base damage?
dark lance

Which sword has more than one crafting recipe?
night's edge

How many enemies can be damaged by a single shot from the Stake Launcher?
10

Excluding boomerangs that stack, which boomerang DOESN'T have to wait for the initial projectile to return to be able to be used again?
possessed hatchet

What is the only homing boomerang?
possessed hatchet

Which tool has the highest base damage?
butcher's chainsaw

Which yoyo is found in golden chests in the Dungeon?
valor

Name a tool that can produce projectiles.
hammush

Which yoyo is crafted using Demonite Bars?
malaise

Which ranged weapon has the lowest (non-zero) base damage?
flare gun

Which weapon produces different visual effects if your character has the same name as a beta tester?
last prism

Which word is shared between the names of all sentry weapons that can be bought from the Tavernkeep for 25 Defender Medals?
cane

How many items have "Rod" in their name?
14

How many magic weapons have the word "Scepter" in their name?
2

What is the only boomerang that obeys gravity?
bloody machete

What does the Bone Glove use as ammo?
bone

Which drill with "Drill" in its name can also cut down trees?
laser

Which pre-Hardmode sword has the highest base damage?
night's edge

Where can you find the Dark Lance?
underworld

Which spear can be found in a Shadow Chest?
dark lance

Which bow can be found in Shadow Chests?
hellwing

What is the least accurate bow in the game?
hellwing

Which bow turns Wooden Arrows into bats upon being fired?
hellwing

What is the only fully automatic bow obtainable in pre-Hardmode?
hellwing

Which spear can be found in Shadow Chests?
dark lance

What sword can be obtained from a Pirate Invasion?
cutlass

Which bow fires Wooden Arrows at the highest velocity?
marrow

Which pre-Hardmode tool has a name that starts with "The"?
the breaker

Which magic weapon that rains projectiles from the sky can be obtained before defeating a Hardmode boss?
meteor staff

What summoning weapon can be obtained from the Pumpkin Moon?
raven staff

Which pre-Hardmode magic weapon has the highest base damage?
flower of fire

Which gun fires bullets in three-shot volleys?
clockwork assault rifle

What is the largest sword in Terraria?
breaker blade

Which Hardmode sword has the highest critical strike chance?
slap hand

Which weapon has the highest base knockback?
slap hand

Name a magic weapon which fires projectiles that pierce AND ricochet infinitely until their time limit runs out.
magical harp

Which boomerang can be remotely controlled?
flying knife

Aside from yoyos, which melee weapon follows the position of the cursor?
flying knife

Which magic weapon uses the largest amount of mana in a single click?
clinger staff

Which weapon is considered an arrow weapon by Shroomite Headgear, but not by Archery Potions?
stake launcher

Which sword is almost identical in usage to the Beam Sword, but can pierce one enemy?
frostbrand

Which Hardmode weapon fires three energy swords in rapid succession?
sky fracture

Which summoning weapon uses the most mana?
staff of the frost hydra

Which block-placing wand has the longest name?
rich mahogany leaf wand

Which item with a name that ends with "Wand" is not used for placing blocks?
bubble wand

What is the only drill that mines slower than its pickaxe counterpart, even when neither has a modifier?
orichalcum

Which Hardmode weapon inflicts the Confused debuff?
dao of pow

Which spear is crafted using Titanium Bars?
titanium trident

What is the only Hardmode weapon that can be obtained from the Jungle before defeating a mechanical boss?
uzi

Which celestial weapon does not have a tagline?
phantasm

What is the weakest yoyo that can be thrown for an infinite duration?
code 2

What is the maximum number of Light Discs that can be stacked?
5

Using Wooden Arrows, which bow fires the highest velocity arrows?
marrow

Which hammer can be obtained through fishing?
rockfish

What color rarity is the Magical Harp?
pink

What color rarity is the Ice Bow?
pink

What Hardmode ranged weapon can only be found in the Underground Snow biome?
ice bow

Which pre-Hardmode weapon is a direct upgrade to the Blowpipe?
blowgun

What is the Crimson counterpart of the Cursed Flames weapon?
golden shower

What weapon can be crafted with both a Light and Dark Shard?
dao of pow

What is fastest melee weapon in the game?
fetid baghnakhs

Which bow does not fire arrows directly?
daedalus stormbow

Which hook has the exact same stats as the hooks dropped by Biome Mimics?
thorn

Which weapon produces purple projectiles that can pass through walls?
death sickle

Which minion weapon summons two minions per use?
optic staff

Which magic weapon can execute a different attack using a right click?
tome of infinite wisdom

Which Hardmode weapon is the improved version of the Flamelash?
rainbow rod

Which ranged weapon fires unique ammo that explodes into shrapnel?
stynger

What is the maximum number of Bananarangs that can be stacked in one slot?
10

Which drill has the lowest pickaxe power?
cobalt

Which stat is tied to the range of flamethrowers?
velocity

What Hardmode bow has the lowest base damage?
pearlwood

Which Hardmode weapon is a direct upgrade to the Crimson Rod?
nimbus rod

Which weapon is the upgraded version of the Bee Gun?
wasp gun

Which weapon can drop from any enemy during a Blood Moon in Hardmode?
ko cannon

Which semi-automatic gun has the fastest fire rate?
venus magnum

Which is the only sword other than the Fiery Greatsword that inherently inflicts the On Fire! debuff?
brand of the inferno

Which class has three different Moon Lord drops, rather than two?
melee

Which Hardmode weapon is a direct upgrade to the Blowpipe?
blowgun

What is the upgraded version of the Poison Staff?
venom staff

Other than the Crystal Serpent, name one magic weapon that cannot be obtained without fishing.
bubble gun

What is the maximum number of projectiles the Venom Staff can fire in one shot?
7

What is the only weapon that enables "stealth mode"?
psycho knife

Which weapon uses coins as ammo?
coin gun

What is the most expensive weapon that can be purchased from an NPC?
mushroom spear

How many minion slots does a spider summoned by the Spider Staff occupy? Answer should be in decimal form.
0.75

Which bow (excluding Phantasm) fires the most arrows in 1 shot?
aerial bane

Which weapon fires homing rockets?
snowman cannon

Name a weapon that shares its name with a well-known real life location.
north pole

What is the most damaging weapon that is dropped nonspecifically by enemies within a certain biome?
kraken

What is the fastest weapon in the game by use time?
chain gun

What is the only bow with an innate chance to not consume ammo?
phantasm

What is the only gun whose projectiles are affected by gravity?
candy corn rifle

What percentage chance does the Chain Gun have to not consume bullets?
50

What is the only hammer that is not swung overhead?
chlorophyte jackhammer

Which weapon can be crafted using a Shotgun, 10 souls of night and 2 dark shards?
onyx blaster

Besides the Vortex Beater, which other gun inherently fires an explosive projectile along with bullets?
onyx blaster

What is the only bar that can be used to craft more than one type of broadsword?
chlorophyte

How many tiles of extra range do Spectre tools have?
3

Which spear has the shortest name?
spear

Which weapon has the shortest name?
uzi

Which melee weapon requires the largest number of unique materials to craft?
terra blade

Which spear produces a projectile that is not affected by Flasks?
chlorophyte partisan

Which weapon produces projectiles that leave a mess unless the "Blood and Gore" setting is toggled off?
tempest staff

What is the base damage of the Terra Blade?
95

Which hook is Corruption-exclusive?
worm hook

Which weapon gives you the Life Drain buff when attacking enemies?
life drain

How much does it cost to buy a Mushroom Spear?
70g

Which Hardmode weapon has a sell price of only 2 silver?
chain guillotines

Of the ranged weapons that cannot obtain the Unreal modifier, which has the highest base damage?
nail gun

Which ranged weapon fires five arrows in one shot?
tsunami

Which rocket weapon does not produce explosion noises?
electrosphere launcher

Which magic weapon fires boulders?
staff of earth

Which minion does not resemble something in the game that can harm you?
pygmy

How many claws are visible on the Shroomite Digging Claw?
3

Which item has a maximum stack size of 5?
light disc

How likely is the Chain Gun to not consume bullets?
50%

Which weapon receives a substantial damage boost when used against Vampires?
stake launcher

The Flairon is one of only two flails that fire a projectile. Which is the other?
flower pow

What is the only item that is specifically crafted with Crimsand?
blood water

What piercing magic weapon causes fuel tanks to appear on the player's back when in use?
heat ray

Which melee weapon steals life from enemies?
vampire knives

What is the only known weapon that can kill the Dungeon Guardian in one hit?
the horseman's blade

What is the only Pumpkin Moon-exclusive weapon that is not dropped by Pumpking?
stake launcher

The Star Wrath is the improved version of which pre-Hardmode weapon?
starfury

Which melee weapon has the highest base damage?
meowmere

Which ranged weapon has the highest base damage?
sniper rifle

What item is needed to reach the fastest recordable movement speed in the game?
portal gun

Which Moon Lord weapon has the lowest listed base damage?
lunar portal staff

What is the maximum number of bubbles that the Xenopopper can release per shot?
5

What is the fastest firing gun in the game?
chain gun

Which magic weapon can reach 10,000 damage per second on a single target?
last prism

Name a weapon that can have a humorously repetitive-sounding modifier.
deadly sphere staff

How many beams are fired by the Last Prism before they converge?
6

Which minion summoning item adds additional segments to its minion instead of summoning more minions?
stardust dragon staff

Which summoning weapon creates a minion with multiple segments?
stardust dragon staff

What is the base damage of the Last Prism?
100

What is the only yoyo that shoots projectiles?
terrarian

What does S.D.M.G. stand for?
space dolphin machine gun

How many developers have their own unique yoyo (included with their vanity set) in the game?
2

What bow can be crafted with Vortex Fragments?
phantasm

Which magic weapon has the highest base damage?
nebula blaze

Which summon weapon has the highest base damage?
rainbow crystal staff

What is the fastest pre-Hardmode pickaxe for mining Dirt Blocks?
bone

What percentage is the base critical strike chance of the S.D.M.G.?
14%

What word does every summon weapon (except some sold by the Tavernkeep) have in its name?
staff

Which hamaxe does not have "Hamaxe" in its name?
the axe

What is the only item in the game that can both remove and place blocks?
dirt rod

Which weapon summons temporary blocks?
ice rod

Aside from the Lunar Hook, what is the only grappling hook with a tooltip?
grappling hook

Which grappling hook dropped by a boss can only deploy two hooks at once?
skeletron hand

Which debuff is inflicted after using the Rod of Discord?
chaos state

What is the duration of the Chaos State debuff?
6

Which gun is named after a freshwater animal?
piranha gun

What fraction of the player's maximum health does the Rod of Discord take away if used while the Chaos State debuff is active in the PC version? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/7

Which item is functionally identical to the sticky bomb?
bomb fish

Name one of the two fish that can be thrown.
bomb fish

Which item can be held to cause your breath meter to deplete slower?
breathing reed

What is the fastest minecart?
mechanical

After how many seconds does a thrown stick of Dynamite explode?
5

What is the Crimson counterpart to the War Axe of the Night?
blood lust cluster

Which fish can be used as a mining tool?
reaver shark

Which tool has the same pickaxe power as the Reaver Shark?
molten pickaxe

How many tools combine the functionality of pickaxes and axes?
5

What is the pickaxe power of the Drill Containment Unit?
210

Which hamaxe has the lowest combined hammer and axe power?
meteor

What is the pickaxe/drill with the most range?
laser drill

Which tool has the highest pickaxe power?
laser drill

What is the only drill that is not obtained through crafting?
laser drill

Name a magic weapon whose projectiles always last for a set duration.
magical harp

What magic weapon produces homing purple flames?
spirit flame

How many tools can be obtained that are capable of mining Lihzahrd Bricks?
6

Which item allows ultimate control over wires?
grand design

Which wiring-related accessory is not used to craft the Grand Design?
presserator

Which powder cleanses the Crimson and Corruption?
purification

Which axe/chainsaw deals the highest amount of damage?
butcher's chainsaw

Which axe/chainsaw has the highest axe power in the game?
the axe

Which tool has the highest axe power?
the axe

What is the pickaxe with the lowest pickaxe power that can mine Obsidian?
nightmare

Which pickaxe/drill has identical pickaxe power to the Molten Pickaxe?
reaver shark

What is the pickaxe power of the reaver shark?
100%

Which pickaxe has the fastest mining speed?
shroomite digging claw

What is the only item that increases the player's view range without the use of a right-click?
binoculars

What weapon can increase view range without the assistance of accessories?
sniper rifle

Which non-accessory item requires the most number of unique accessories to craft?
cell phone

Which item must the player be carrying in order for the Cyborg to sell the Portal Gun Station?
portal gun

Which gun can create homing projectiles without using Chlorophyte Bullets?
vortex beater

What item do you need to buy to start fishing?
bug net

Which item must you purchase before you can catch critters?
bug net

What projectile can bounce off the surface of lava?
beach ball

What tool can be worn as armor?
bucket

Which tool is used to spread certain biomes?
clentaminator

Which wand places blocks that only have a chance to be reclaimable?
hive wand

Which block-placing wand permanently changes its input material into a different, harvestable item?
bone wand

How many block-placing wands are in Terraria?
6

Which hook has the longest reach?
static

How many hooks can the Static Hook deploy simultaneously?
2

Which hook allows you to move in a perfect circle?
anti-gravity

Which hook has the most number of hooks, but the shortest reach?
web slinger

Which hook has the shortest reach?
web slinger

What is the only grappling hook that can be obtained by looting chests?
web slinger

What magic weapon has the highest knockback?
tome of infinite wisdom

Which hook pulls in the player the fastest?
bat

True or false: Using the Water Gun on another player who's riding a Cute Fishron will trigger the mount's buffs.
true

Excluding teleporting, hoiking, and using glitches, what item enables the fastest potential movement speed in the game?
portal gun

What item can be bought only if a Portal Gun is in your inventory?
portal gun station

How many placeable items work the same way as Rope (including Rope)?
8

>> [Ammo] ------------------------------------------
What is the sell value of the arrow with the lowest velocity in the PC version?
20c

What is the strongest ammo for the Blowgun that can be obtained in pre-Hardmode?
poison dart

Bones can be used as ammo for what weapon?
bone glove

Which bullet has the second highest base damage?
venom

What type of ranged ammunition can be dropped directly by a pre-Hardmode boss?
unholy arrow

How many varieties of bullets are there in total?
14

Name one of the two arrows with the highest base damage.
venom

How many types of ammunition can be fired from a Blowgun?
5

What is the cheapest buyable ammunition item?
wooden arrow

Name a type of bullet with "extremely weak" knockback.
crystal

What type of craftable bullet is crafted using neither Empty Bullets nor Musket Balls?
luminite

Which type of bullet can bounce off walls?
meteor shot

Which type of arrow summons falling stars?
holy

Frostburn Arrows are crafted using Wooden Arrows and what other item?
ice torch

How many types of bullets are made with Empty Bullets?
6

What is the name of the projectile summoned by Holy Arrows upon impact?
hallow star

During how many different moon phases can Bone Arrows be purchased?
4

Which type of bullet can be both crafted and bought from an NPC?
silver

What debuff do Golden Bullets inflict?
midas

Which bullet has a rarity of Blue?
meteor shot

What is the most damaging bullet obtainable in pre-Hardmode?
party

Which type of arrow has the highest velocity?
hellfire

What is the cheapest explosive ammo that can be bought directly?
explosive jack 'o lantern

Which type of arrow has the highest knockback?
hellfire

What type of ammunition is sold by the Cyborg during a Blood Moon?
rocket 2

Without the use of any kind of glitch, which type of arrows are unrenewable in the space of 1 world?
chlorophyte

Which ammunition used to damage the player before it was changed in an update?
hellfire

Which type of bullet inflicts the Confused debuff on striking an enemy?
nano

Which arrow type applies a debuff that decreases defense on contact?
ichor

Which arrows are crafted with ingredients that are technically non-renewable?
frostburn

What type of arrow cannot be crafted?
bone

Which arrow is tied with the Cursed Arrow for the highest base damage?
venom

Which type of arrow can pierce an unlimited number of enemies?
jester

What is the base damage of the arrow type with the highest velocity in the PC version?
13

Which consumable bullet has the highest sell price?
chlorophyte bullet

What debuff do Cursed Bullets inflict?
cursed inferno

Name an ammunition item that the Witch Doctor can sell.
stynger bolt

How many enemies can be damaged with one Meteor Shot?
2

What is the name of the item that can be crafted using 3996 arrows at a Crystal Ball?
endless quiver

What item does the Flamethrower use as ammunition?
gel

What item can be crafted using only Wooden Arrows as an ingredient?
endless quiver

What type of ammo does the Clentaminator use?
solution

What is the base damage of a Gold Coin fired from a Coin Gun?
100

What is the base damage of a Platinum Coin fired from a Coin Gun?
200

During which event can Rocket IV be purchased?
solar eclipse

Which type of bullet has the highest velocity?
high velocity

Which bullet has the highest knockback?
exploding

How many times do Meteor Shots ricochet/pierce?
1

Which item looks like food, but can only be used as ammo?
candy corn

Which type of bullet can be used to achieve the maximum damage per second of ~150,000 with the S.D.M.G.?
luminite

Which type of bullet has the highest base damage?
luminite

What is the velocity of the bullet type with the highest knockback?
4.7

What is the velocity of the bullet type with the lowest damage?
4

Which type of bullet can the player use to damage themselves?
exploding

Which type of bullet inflicts the Confused debuff on contact with an enemy?
nano

Which type of bullet is capable of bouncing off walls?
meteor shot

Which bullet homes in on enemies?
chlorophyte

>> [Bait & Fishing] --------------------------------
What is the minimum number of water tiles required for a body of water to not incur a fishing power penalty?
300

Which quest fish is described by the Angler as "the king of all demons"?
demonic hellfish

Name a crate that does not share a loot table with a naturally-occuring chest or background object.
golden

Which quest fish is caught in the Mushroom biome?
amanitia fungfin

Which critter can be crafted into another critter?
worm

What is the maximum fishing power attainable through factors within the player's control?
150

Which bait item has the lowest bait power?
monarch butterfly

What is the minimum number of Angler quests that must be completed in order to obtain the Fuzzy Carrot?
5

Which fishing pole can catch fish in lava?
hotline fishing hook

Which bird-based critter cannot fly?
penguin

How many tools can be directly caught through fishing?
3

What is the maximum fishing power boost you can get from the weather?
30

What bait item are you most likely to obtain by breaking regular grass?
grasshopper

What is the bait power of a Glowing Snail?
15%

How much do golden critters sell for?
10g

Which critter does not have a gold variant?
penguin

Which critter sells for 1 gold?
tree nymph butterfly

Which crate can contain ores?
wooden

How many different fishing catches can be turned into Cooked Fish?
6

Which non-quest fish can only be caught in a Floating Lake?
damselfish

Which accessory can be used to amass large amounts of fishing bait?
flower boots

What is the best fishing pole that can be purchased?
sitting duck's

Name a quest fish that is named after an real fish, and visually resembles the fish it is named after.
clownfish

What is the minimum number of Angler quests that must be completed in order to obtain the Golden Fishing Rod?
30

How many critters are a type of bird?
7

Which critter is exclusively male, based on its coloration?
mallard duck

Which quest fish is obtained by fishing in honey?
bumblebee tuna

Which bait item with a bait power of 10% has the highest sell price?
snail

What is the only way to obtain Hardmode ores and bars aside from mining?
crates

What is the best bait item that can be obtained from the Desert?
black scorpion

How many different types of crates can be obtained through fishing?
9

Mining and ___ are methods of getting Hardmode ores and bars. What is the missing method?
fishing

True or false: Moon phases affect fishing power.
true

What fishing rod can be obtained without crafting or interacting with NPCs?
fiberglass

How does one obtain the Enchanted Sundial?
fishing

What functional furniture item can be obtained by opening Crates in Hardmode?
enchanted sundial

What is the chance of getting a Hardy Saddle from a Golden Crate?
1/10

Name one of the 2 butterflies with the highest bait power.
gold

Which fish besides the Golden Carp has no use aside from being sold?
neon tetra

What is the maximum possible fishing power?
282

>> [Pets] ------------------------------------------

Name a pet summoning item that can be bought from an NPC.
parrot cracker

Which item summons a pet Tiki Spirit?
tiki totem

What is the most expensive item sold by the Witch Doctor?
tiki totem

Which item summons a pet Baby Dinosaur?
amber mosquito

Which item summons a pet Baby Snowman?
toy sled

Which item summons a pet Baby Hornet?
nectar

Which item summons a pet Mini Minotaur?
tartar sauce

Which item summons a pet Baby Face Monster?
bone rattle

Which item summons a pet Baby Eater?
eater's bone

Which item summons a pet Black Cat?
unlucky yarn

What follower is summoned from a Creeper Egg?
flickerwick

Which pet can be caught directly through fishing?
zephyr fish

Which pet summoning item shares its name with a type of junk?
seaweed

How much does it cost to buy a Strange Glowing Mushroom?
45g

Which item with "Dragon" in its name is not a weapon?
dragon egg

Which light pet is sold by the Skeleton Merchant?
magic lantern

Which light pet can be controlled using the movement keys?
wisp

What is the chance of getting an Amber Mosquito after using 1000 silt on the Extractinator? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/5

What is the only Expert mode-exclusive light pet?
suspicious looking eye

Which pet can stab the player in complete darkness?
companion cube

Which entity "will never threaten to stab you and, in fact, cannot speak"?
companion cube

What is the brightest light pet obtainable in normal mode?
wisp

Which pet can be obtained by harvesting plants?
squashling

What was the first pet introduced into the game?
bunny

Which pet summoning item has the shortest name?
fish

Which item can the Unlucky Yarn be obtained from?
goodie bags

How many normal pets produce light?
2

What is the sell price of the Bone Key?
5g

How many different colors of pixies can be summoned by the Fairy Bell?
3

What is the only source of Unlucky Yarn?
goodie bag

Which pet can only be obtained through the Frost Moon event?
baby grinch's mischief whistle

>> [Consumables/Potions] ---------------------------
Excluding the Life Fruit, which healing item restores the least health?
mushroom

Name a fish that can be turned into Sashimi.
trout

What is the only healing potion that inflicts Potion Sickness for less than 60 seconds?
restoration

Name an inedible fish in Terraria that is commonly caught and eaten in real life.
tropical barracuda

What is the only item that must be destroyed in lava in order for the game to progress?
guide voodoo doll

Which consumable item sends you to your spawnpoint?
recall potion

What is the only fish that can be eaten directly?
honeyfin

Which event summoning item can be found inside a naturally-generated chest?
solar tablet

Which event summoning item is not used with a left click?
eternia crystal

Which buff potion can be crafted using a regular Mushroom?
regeneration potion

What potion is crafted using a Crispy Honey Block?
fishing

How many crafting recipes use a Mushroom?
4

Which food item takes 15 seconds to make?
cooked marshmallow

What is the only fish other than Bass that can be turned into Cooked Fish, but not Sashimi?
atlantic cod

How much health does a Lesser Healing Potion restore?
50

Name an edible item with three letters in its name.
ale

Which consumable item inflicts the Tipsy debuff for the longest duration?
sake

Which item is used to permanently increase your maximum mana by 20?
mana crystal

What is the only source of Greater Healing Potions in pre-Hardmode?
golden crates

Which potion provides complete immunity to lava?
obsidian skin

Which item grants Well Fed for the longest duration?
pumpkin pie

Which item that grants Well Fed is crafted at a Furnace?
pumpkin pie

What is the only fish that restores health?
honeyfin

Which item obtained from Presents can be consumed to heal health?
eggnog

Name a "key" that is not used to unlock a locked chest or door.
key of light

Which consumable Flask does not cause melee attacks to inflict a debuff?
party

Name a Flask that can be crafted in pre-Hardmode.
poison

Other than Flasks, name a buff potion whose name contains the full name of one of its crafting ingredients.
obsidian skin potion

Which non-craftable healing item heals the highest amount of health?
honeyfin

What is the only consumable item that is crafted using Hallowed Bars?
pumpkin moon medallion

Which item is used to summon the Pumpkin Moon event?
pumpkin moon medallion

Which item becomes more expensive to buy as you make progress through the game?
eternia crystal

Which item can be used to summon a Pirate Invasion?
pirate map

Which item obtained from Presents grants Well Fed for the longest duration?
christmas pudding

Which item unlocks the locked Gold Chests in the Dungeon?
golden key

Name an item that provides Well Fed for 30 minutes and can be obtained in any season.
bowl of soup

Which potion sends you to a random location in the world?
teleportation

Which potion reveals traps upon consumption?
dangersense

What is the only item that requires a vanity item to craft?
slime crown

Which item can be used to summon a Goblin Army?
goblin battle standard

What item is used to manually summon the Brain of Cthulhu?
bloody spine

What item is used to manually summon the Eater of Worlds?
worm food

What is the only boss summoning item that is crafted using only one ingredient?
suspicious looking eye

Which consumable item can be crafted with one of each Lunar Fragment?
super healing potion

Which voodoo doll do you need to summon Skeletron?
clothier

What is the only biome that Magic Power Potions can be looted from?
underworld

Which Flask requires the smallest quantity of ingredients to craft?
poison

Which item with "Flask" in its name cannot be consumed?
toxic flask

Which type of naturally-occurring chest can contain Restoration Potions?
shadow

What Vietnamese dish can be eaten to gain the Well Fed buff?
pho

Which item that grants Well Fed can be crafted at a Work Bench?
sashimi

What type of potion contains Pixie Dust?
greater healing potion

Which accessory lets the player actively damage the Guide when equipped?
guide voodoo doll

Which item do you need to summon Skeletron after freeing the Old Man from his curse?
clothier voodoo doll

Which stat does the Celestial Stone boost by 50%?
minion knockback

Name one of two accessories that let the player actively damage an NPC when equipped.
guide voodoo doll

What is the only Flask that can increase your DPS on a single target by more than 6?
ichor

Which buff potion improves visibility without giving off any light?
night owl potion

What is the name of the item used to summon The Twins?
mechanical eye

What is the name of the item used to summon Skeletron Prime?
mechanical skull

What is the name of the item used to summon The Destroyer?
mechanical worm

Which item is used to summon a Solar Eclipse?
solar tablet

What must be used at the Lihzahrd Altar in order to summon Golem?
lihzahrd power cell

Which item is used to summon the Pumpkin Moon?
pumpkin moon medallion

What item is used to summon the Frost Moon?
naughty present

Which item is needed to summon Duke Fishron?
truffle worm

What item must be used at the Lihzahrd Altar in order to summon Golem?
lihzahrd power cell

What is the listed bait power of the Truffle Worm?
666

What type of consumable item that grants a buff/debuff stays in effect after death?
flask

Which Flask does not cause melee attacks to inflict a debuff?
party

How many Flasks are crafted using items bought from NPCs?
4

Which item is used to summon the Moon Lord?
celestial cigil

Which item can be used to gain an extra accessory slot?
demon heart

Which potion, upon consumption, grants you 11 debuffs?
red

How much more health does the Restoration Potion restore as opposed to the Lesser Restoration Potion?
0

Which buff allows the player to damage enemies on contact?
thorns

Which potion increases maximum minion count by 1?
summoning

Which potion boosts enemy spawn rates upon consumption?
battle

Which potion provides complete immunity to lava?
obsidian skin

Which potion increases defense only against a certain group of enemies?
warmth

Which potion cannot be obtained by smashing pots except in multiplayer mode?
wormhole

Without crafting, which potion can only be obtained in multiplayer?
wormhole

Which potion teleports the user to another player's location?
wormhole

What is the fastest way to reach your spawnpoint?
recall potion

Which healing item restores the most health?
super healing potion

How can you change the gender of your character after character creation?
gender change potion

Which potion requires the largest number of different ingredients to craft?
gender change

How many items are needed to craft a Gender Change Potion?
8

Which item inflicts the Stinky debuff?
stink potion

Which potion restores the largest amount of mana?
strange brew

What is the maximum attainable health without buffs?
500

What is the highest maximum health that a character can have at one time?
600

What is the highest maximum mana attainable?
400

How much does the Fishing Potion increase your fishing power by?
15

By what percentage does the Archery Potion increase the damage and firing speed of arrows?
20

By what percentage does the Rage Potion increase a player's critical strike chance?
10

How much health does a mushroom heal?
15

By what percentage does the Endurance Potion reduce damage taken?
10

How much does the Ironskin Potion increase defense by?
8

Which item increases enemy spawn rates when stood near?
water candle

>> [Armor/Accessories] -----------------------------------------

What is the smallest item that can be worn, with a grand total of 8 pixels in its sprite?
eye patch

Name a vanity set that can be dropped by Pirates.
sailor

What armor item grants 0 defense?
wood greaves

Which armor item grants 0 defense, but can be used to complete a set bonus?
wood greaves

What is the strongest wood armor in the game?
spooky

Excluding watches, name an accessory that can be crafted in pre-Hardmode using only non-accessory ingredients.
obsidian skull

Which armor set that provides offensive bonuses was formerly a vanity set?
ninja

Which vanity item has the shortest name?
fez

Which Hardmode accessory can have the word "Lucky" appear in its name twice in a row?
lucky coin

How much defense does a Warding Shackle provide?
5

What accessory is required in order to collect Vine Ropes?
guide to plant fiber cordage

What item changes the sun's appearance when worn?
sunglasses

Name a component of the Ankh Charm that is obtainable in pre-Hardmode.
bezoar

Which vanity set is Corruption-exclusive?
archaeologist

Name an accessory that depicts a skull.
pygmy necklace

Excluding the defense from the set bonus, which armor set has the lowest defense?
wood

Nane a pre-Hardmode item that allows you to move freely through water with no speed penalty.
hardy saddle

Which armor item provides an additional 10% magic critical strike chance when worn with a gem-augmented robe?
wizard hat

What accessory can be crafted by combining a Depth Meter and a Compass?
gps

Which equippable item can you visibly wear two of at once?
bucket

Which vanity cape is black in color?
mysterious cape

What type of boots can be combined with an Obsidian Skull?
water walking boots

What is the highest-defense armor set that can be obtained without crafting or buying anything from NPCs?
ancient shadow armor

Which accessory makes enemies more likely to target the wearer?
flesh knuckles

Which accessory can transform into a different accessory while still equipped?
music box

What is the total value of all the bars needed to craft the Drill Containment Unit?
1p 85g 60s

How many equippable items take the appearance of a flower in your hair?
3

What is the only accessory with "Eye" in its name?
eye of the golem

Which accessory can only be combined with Corruption-exclusive accessories?
shackle

How many craftable armor sets do not grant a set bonus?
2

Which accessory found in Gold Chests grants up to 7 seconds of lava immunity?
lava charm

Which armor set provides the same stats as Ebonwood and Shadewood armor?
cactus

Name an accessory whose effects are completely identical to a buff provided by a potion.
pygmy necklace

Of the balloon accessories used to craft the Bundle of Balloons, which provides the highest jump?
sandstorm

Which helpful accessory can be crafted using 30 cobweb?
white string

Which pre-Hardmode Robe provides damage and critical strike bonuses rather than increasing maximum mana?
gypsy

Which armor item is used as a crafting ingredient at the Tinkerer's Workshop?
diving helmet

Which accessory lets the player actively damage the Clothier when equipped?
clothier voodoo doll

Which accessory increases armor penetration?
shark tooth necklace

Which head slot vanity item is sold by the Clothier during Halloween?
guy fawkes mask

What type of Mirror cannot teleport the player?
pocket mirror

Which non-accessory item is crafted from five non-accessory ingredients at the Tinkerer's Workshop?
multicolor wrench

Which vanity item can be dropped by Corrupt and Crimtane Bunnies?
bunny hood

Which accessory is found in chests and provides increased life regeneration?
band of regeneration

Which armor set grants the highest minion capacity?
stardust

Which accessory can be combined with a lucky horseshoe to make a green horseshoe balloon?
fart in a balloon

Which double-jump balloon accessory is not crafted using a Shiny Red Balloon?
sharkron

Which component of Tiger Climbing Gear is found in surface chests?
climbing claws

Magic Cuffs are crafted using the Mana Regeneration Band and what other accessory?
shackle

Which base accessory grants immunity to the Poisoned debuff?
bezoar

Which accessory can be crafted using 30 Cobwebs?
white string

How many seconds does the Potion Sickness debuff last when both the Philosopher's Stone and the Charm of Myths are equipped?
45

Name one of the two items that require the largest number of Pumpkins to craft.
pumpkin breastplate

Which accessory crafted using a Lucky Horseshoe is not a type of balloon?
obsidian horseshoe

What informational accessory can be found in wooden Chests near the surface of the world?
radar

Which vanity shirt obtained from Presents is not part of a set?
ugly sweater

Which accessory decreases the duration of the Potion Sickness debuff by 15 seconds?
philosopher's stone

Which armor item has five words in its name?
monk's bushy brow bald cap

For how many seconds is your movement speed boosted after being hit while wearing a Panic Necklace?
5

Which piece of the Shroomite armor set specifically boosts the damage of rocket weapons?
helmet

What is the only music box that can be obtained through crafting?
title

What is the only accessory aside from the Diamond Ring that is visibly worn as a ring?
huntress's buckler

Which informational accessory can be obtained by killing enemies in the Dungeon?
tally counter

How many developer items exist that are not vanity helmets, shirts, pants, or Wings?
5

Which accessory is crafted by combining the DPS Meter, Metal Detector, and Stopwatch?
goblin tech

Which Hardmode armor set has the exact same appearance when worn by both genders?
dark artist

Which pre-Hardmode accessory allows you to hover?
flying carpet

Which critter can be crafted into a vanity item?
goldfish

Which shield accessory provides the highest defense?
paladin's shield

Name an accessory that is directly used to craft the Ankh Charm.
nazar

What is the only Hardmode-exclusive component of the Yoyo Bag?
yoyo glove

Of the balloon accessories used to craft the Bundle of Balloons, which provides the highest jump?
sandstorm

What is the only weapon that is dropped by Wooden, Golden, and Shadow Mimics?
magic dagger

Which item that can be crafted using Silk alone is not a placeable item?
robe

Which accessory can be combined with the Band of Starpower?
band of regeneration

Which accessory can only be combined with accessories that are Corruption-exclusive?
shackle

What is the Putrid Scent's Crimson counterpart?
flesh knuckles

What accessory can be combined with a Lucky Horseshoe to make a Green Horseshoe Balloon?
fart in a balloon

Which accessory can be combined with Ice Skates to create Arctic Diving Gear?
jellyfish diving gear

How many armor sets create an afterimage effect when the full set is visible?
9

Which treasure does the Metal Detector prioritize over all others?
life fruit

How many different accessories are crafted using an Obsidian Skull?
3

Which item crafted using Spectre Bars does not have "Spectre" in its name?
drill containment unit

Not counting developer items, how many accessories can only be obtained in Expert mode?
8

Which accessory blocks damage from slime enemies when equipped?
royal gel

Name one of the two wings that are tied for the longest flight duration.
solar

What is the only vanity set whose leg slot item is a pair of "Trunks"?
tree

What accessory can be combined with Ice Skates to create Frostspark Boots?
lightning boots

According to the Lifeform Analyzer, what is the rarest pre-Hardmode enemy?
tim

Which accessory obtained from a nighttime event can be used as a crafting ingredient at the Tinkerer's Workshop?

Which item allows you to auto-jump?
frog leg

Which accessory can be exploited to amass large amounts of bait?
flower boots

How much maximum mana does the Ruby Robe provide?
60

Which balloon accessory provides the second-highest double jump?
fart

How much defense does the Angler set provide?
4

What equippable item is sold by the Party Girl?
party hat

Which worn item has the same effect as the Night Owl Potion?
night vision

Which accessory exclusive to Expert mode has the lowest sell value?
shield of cthulhu

Which mount increases your falling speed?
slime

Which mount fires lasers?
scutlix

Which mount can only be obtained once per world?
bunny

Name a mount summoning item that is obtainable in pre-Hardmode.
slimy saddle

Which mount item is dropped by King Slime?
slimy saddle

Name a mount that reduces fall damage, but does not cancel it completely.
slime

What is the only infinite flight mount that you can obtain in normal mode before killing the Moon Lord?
ufo

Which accessory is named after a type of shield, but does not override the appearance of other shields?
huntress's buckler

Which mount prevents you from attacking?
drill containment unit

Which item can be used to reduce any amount of fall damage to exactly 1?
brain scrambler

Which item summons a rideable Basilisk?
ancient horn

Which accessory can only be crafted after exploring a world that contains the Crimson?
sweetheart necklace

Which vanity set grants you a different death animation that does not include gore particles?
ghost

How many accessories include the word "Eye" in their name?
1

Which mount has the same walking speed as the Bee mount?
turtle mount

Which mount travels the slowest on land?
cute fishron

How much defense does the Ankh Shield provide?
4

Which item receives a cosmetic change when wearing a full set of Shadow armor?
rocket boots

What equippable item can cause drowning?
fish bowl

How many Defender Medals does it cost to buy a full set of Squire armor?
75

Which armor set provides lifesteal?
spectre

Which item provides the largest velocity increase to arrows while retaining arrow effects?
magic quiver

How much does it cost to buy an Angel Halo?
40g

What is the effective base damage of lava after an Obsidian Rose is equipped?
50

Which pre-Plantera armor set allows you to deal contact damage to enemies?
turtle

Name an armor item that increases maximum mana by 100.
hallowed headgear

How many mounts provide unlimited flight?
3

How many wings are tied for the lowest flight height?
3

How many ancient helmets do not have a corresponding ancient armor set?
3

How many accessories have names ending in "Emblem"?
7

What vanity item does the Mechanic sell?
engineering helmet

Which debuff is prevented by the Ankh Shield, but not the Ankh Charm?
chilled

Which accessory crafted from an Avenger Emblem provides the same offensive stat bonuses as an Emblem dropped by the Wall of Flesh?
celestial emblem

Which vanity set features a turquoise tank top?
treasure hunter

Which Expert-exclusive accessory prevents damage from slimes?
royal gel

Which item classified as "vanity" by its tooltip cannot be equipped?
unicorn on a stick

Aside from vanity clothes and wings, what item is obtained as part of Lazure's developer set?
valkyrie yoyo

What is the only accessory that can be combined with the Avenger Emblem that is not class-specific?
eye of the golem

Which accessory exclusive to Expert mode has the lowest non-zero sell value?
shield of cthulhu

Which pre-Hardmode armor set provides a set bonus that increases the damage of all classes by 10%?
pumpkin

Which Re-Logic member has the largest number of developer items?
cenx

Which Re-Logic member's vanity set includes a Barrier Platform?
lazure

How many developers have their own unique yoyo?
2

By what percentage does Mining armor's set bonus increase mining speed?
30%

Which vanity item gives you a giant tongue sticking out of your face?
wall of flesh mask

Which Hardmode armor set improves melee speed, but does not improve melee damage at all?
cobalt

Which item allows you to reverse gravity, but only when standing on a floor or ceiling?
gravity globe

How many different Horseshoe Balloons are there?
6

Which Expert-exclusive accessory allows the player to deal damage by dashing?
shield of cthulhu

Which armor set grants the ability to dash?
solar flare

Which accessory with "Shield" in its name does not provide any defense?
squire's shield

Which Hardmode armor set provides the lowest defense?
pearlwood

What is the weakest Hardmode-exclusive armor set?
pearlwood

Which Martian Madness enemy do players resemble while wearing the Martian Costume vanity set?
gray grunt

How many Souls in total are used to craft an Avenger Emblem?
15

Which accessory is found in chests and improves movement on all types of ice?
ice skates

The Frostspark Boots are created using Lightning Boots and what other accessory?
ice skates

Which pre-Hardmode armor set has a set bonus that boosts movement speed?
shadow

True or false: The Magma Stone makes players immune to the On Fire! debuff.
false

What is the only item that grants the player immunity from being set On Fire?
obsidian skin potion

What is the only Hardmode armor piece with a name that contains "Chainmail"?
mythril

What non-accessory vanity item has the highest sell price?
jack o' lantern mask

Which accessory includes a potion in its crafting recipe?
mana flower

Name a hat that can only be obtained after the Frost Legion is defeated.
gangsta

Which armor set causes projectiles to fly towards your targets from offscreen?
orichalcum

What type of wings can be crafted by combining Souls of Flight with a material dropped by a non-event boss?
beetle

What is the only Orichalcum armor piece that increases damage?
mask

How many different items can be placed in the Light Pet equipment slot?
7

Which pre-Hardmode armor set has the highest total defense?
molten

By what percentage does the Avenger Emblem increase damage?
12

Which armor set boosts only melee and ranged damage?
frost

Which accessory deactivates when the wearer's health is below 25%?
paladin's shield

Which single piece of armor boosts critical strike chance the most?
orichalcum headgear

Which craftable armor piece provides the highest critical strike bonus for its respective class?
orichalcum headgear

Which breastplate provides the best overall offensive ranged bonuses?
shroomite

What is the strongest melee breastplate that can be obtained before defeating a Mechanical boss?
frost

Which leg armor piece increases maximum mana?
jungle pants

Which armor piece gives the highest critical strike bonus to its respective class?
dark artist's leggings

Which head slot armor item provides the largest combined bonuses to melee damage and critical strike chance?
chlorophyte mask

Which armor piece provides the largest critical strike bonus to all damage types?
chlorophyte greaves

Which leg armor piece provides the largest increase to melee damage?
hallowed

Which armor piece provides a critical strike bonus that is not listed in its tooltip?
apprentice's trousers

What is the only item obtainable before defeating the Moon Lord that increases minion capacity by 2?
forbidden treads

Which pre-Plantera armor piece provides the highest magic critical strike bonus?
apprentice's trousers

Name a "Headgear" item that does not increase magic damage or critical strike chance.
bee

Which equippable pre-Hardmode item provides a 5% damage and critical strike bonus to all classes?
gi

Name one of the three equippable items that increase minion capacity by more than 1.
forbidden treads

Which leg slot armor piece increases maximum mana?
jungle pants

Which leg armor piece provides the largest increase to minion damage?
red riding

What equippable item restores 8 health every second?
valhalla knight's breastplate

What helmet provides the highest increase to raw melee damage?
shinobi infiltrator's helmet

Which armor piece provides a damage bonus that is not listed in its tooltip?
shroomite breastplate

What is the only Hardmode accessory that includes the effects of the Honey Comb?
bee cloak

Wearing a gem-augmented Robe will increase the spawn rate of which enemy?
tim

Which item provides the largest velocity increase to arrows?
magic quiver

Which Expert-exclusive accessory is visibly worn on the player's back?
hive pack

How many stars are summoned each time the Star Cloak activates?
3

How much defense does the Monk armor set provide?
46

How many Spider minions can be summoned while wearing Spider armor alone?
5

How much additional defense does a Mechanical Cart grant while moving at top speed?
7

What does the Moon Charm turn you into at night?
werewolf

Which armor set has identical stats to Jungle armor?
ancient cobalt

Which armor set has identical stats to Shadow armor?
ancient shadow

Which Expert-exclusive item's effect becomes disabled in a non-Expert world?
demon heart

What percent discount does the Discount Card provide?
20

Which accessory is made by combining a Coin Ring and a Discount Card?
greedy ring

By how many tiles does your pickup range for mana stars increase upon equipping a Celestial Magnet?
20

By what percentage does your ranged damage increase after activating the set bonus of Vortex armor?
80

Which armor set rains flower petals onto enemies upon hitting them?
orichalcum

Which non-hybrid armor set provides the largest potential increase to raw melee damage?
nebula

Name one of the two items containing the word "Headgear" that do not increase magic damage or critical strike chance.
shroomite headgear

Which mount is obtained directly through fishing?
scaly truffle

How many mounts reduce fall damage, but do not cancel it completely?
4

Upon contact with water in specific biomes, the Cute Fishron's eyes can potentially turn into how many different colors?
9

How many mounts are available in pre-Hardmode?
4

Which 3-piece vanity set can be obtained from the Pumpkin Moon?
scarecrow

Out of all the enemies, which enemy is the only one that can be detected by the Lifeform Analyzer but does not naturally spawn?
jungle mimic

Which armor set allows you to deal contact damage to enemies?
turtle

Along with the Hand Warmer, which debuff-negating accessory is not a component of the Ankh Shield?
pocket mirror

How much maximum mana does the Spectre Mask provide?
60

Which base accessory displays fishing information?
fisherman's pocket guide

Which informational accessory displays rare enemies & undiscovered NPCs?
lifeform analyzer

What item is combined with a Magic Mirror or Ice Mirror to create a Cell Phone?
pda

Which accessory can the Nazar be combined with?
megaphone

Which accessory directly used to craft the Ankh Charm is not crafted from two components?
blindfold

What is the only equippable item with a negative damage bonus?
spectre hood

Which accessory whose name contains "watch" cannot be used to tell the time?
stopwatch

All craftable wings that do not require Souls of Flight instead use what specific item as an ingredient?
luminite bars

How many debuffs does the Ankh Shield grant immunity to?
11

How many basic components of the Ankh Shield are obtainable in pre-Hardmode?
4

Which accessory gives you glowing eyes?
yoraiz0r's spell

What is the only ranged-specific accessory that provides no offensive bonuses whatsoever?
rifle scope

Which lunar armor set DOESN'T grant a set bonus that involves double tapping a directional key?
nebula

Which armor set grants the most extra minion capacity?
stardust

What is the name of the first mount item added to the game?
reindeer bells

Which mount has the fastest running speed?
unicorn

Which mount can become tired?
bee

Which mount can be used to boost the damage of your weapons?
cute fishron

Which armor has the set bonus that makes melee and ranged attacks inflict frostburn?
frost

Not counting hybrid sets, which armor set provides the largest combined bonuses to melee damage and critical strike chance?
beetle

What armor piece provides lower defense than the armor piece it was "upgraded" from?
beetle scale mail

By what percentage does your critical strike chance increase when you activate Vortex armor's stealth effect?
20%

How many separate pieces of armor are part of the Shroomite set?
5

What is the name of the unique summon that appears after equipping a complete set of Stardust armor?
stardust guardian

Which "ultimate" accessory can be crafted in pre-Hardmode using only materials bought from the Traveling Merchant?
architect gizmo pack

Which accessory has the highest attack speed bonus without modifiers?
celestial shell

Which accessory grants the highest increase to melee damage?
celestial shell

Which accessory only activates when the wearer's health is below 50%?
frozen turtle shell

Which accessory grants up to 7 seconds of lava immunity?
lava charm

By what percentage does your magic damage decrease after equipping a Spectre Hood with the rest of the Spectre armor set?
25%

Name one of the 2 armor sets that grant partial invisibility to the player.
vortex

How many debuffs does the Ankh Charm provide immunity to?
9

How many ingredients are needed to craft the Ankh Charm in total?
9

Name an armor set with a set bonus that directly boosts movement speed in the PC version.
shadow

Name one component of the Papyrus Scarab.
hercules beetle

Which accessory shares its name with an actual animal?
hercules beetle

Name an item that can prevent fall damage during the Stoned debuff.
djinn's curse

Which accessory provides immunity to the Stoned debuff?
pocket mirror

Name one of the pairs of wings with the most ascent speed?
solar

How many seconds does it take for Solar Flare armor's shields to regenerate?
5

True or false: Developer sets are unobtainable in normal mode worlds.
true

Which wings have the unique ability to travel faster in water?
fishron

Which accessory alerts players to the presence of rare enemies?
lifeform analyzer

Which vanity accessory cannot be seen if anything other than a Familiar Wig is worn in the helmet slot?
ginger beard

What item can be combined with a Magic Mirror or Ice Mirror to create a Cell Phone?
pda

Which accessory boosts minion capacity, but has no other effect?
pygmy necklace

How many shields are compatible with the Brand of the Inferno?
6

>> [The Only Effect] -------------------------------
Which accessory's only effect is to increase the duration of invincibility frames?
cross necklace

Which accessory grants immunity to Weak as its only effect?
vitamins

Which accessory negates fall damage as its only effect?
lucky horseshoe

Which accessory grants immunity to Silenced as its only effect?
megaphone

Which accessory grants immunity to Bleeding as its only effect?
adhesive bandage

Which debuff prevents life regeneration as its only effect?
bleeding

Which accessory grants immunity to Cursed as its only effect?
nazar

Which accessory grants immunity to Poisoned as its only effect?
bezoar

Which accessory grants immunity to Broken Armor as its only effect?
armor polish

Which accessory's only function is to display the current moon phase?
sextant

Which accessory only displays Fishing Power?
fisherman's pocket guide

Which accessory grants immunity to Confused as its only effect?
trifold map

Which accessory grants immunity to Darkness as its only effect?
blindfold

Which accessory grants immunity to Slow as its only effect?
fast clock

>> [Painting depictions] ---------------------------
Which structure is depicted in the Underground Reward painting?
crystal heart

What enemy is depicted in the Rare Enchantment painting?
tim

Which enemy is depicted in the First Encounter painting?
green slime

Name one of the 2 friendly NPCs depicted in the Terrarian Gothic painting.
mechanic

Name a painting with the exact same name as the real painting it is based on.
sunflowers

What enemy is depicted in the Sky Guardian painting?
wyvern

Which friendly NPC is depicted in the Hallow's Eve painting?
mechanic

What boss is depicted in the Facing the Cerebral Mastermind painting?
brain of cthulhu

Which friendly NPC is depicted riding a Unicorn in the Unicorn Crossing the Hallows painting?
party girl

The Something Evil is Watching You painting depicts the player wearing a full set of what armor?
silver

The Impact painting depicts the Hallow biome colliding with which other biome?
crimson

Which painting depicts the back of a Yu-Gi-Oh card?
darkness

Which female NPC's color motif is featured in the painting "Trio Super Heroes"?
nurse

Which Re-Logic member's name appears in a painting?
crowno

Which enemy is depicted in the "Skelehead" painting?
bone serpent

>> [Tooltips] --------------------------------------

Which item's tooltip includes the name of the boss that it is dropped by?
soul of might

Which placeable wiring trigger has a tooltip unrelated to what it actually does?
detonator

What is the tooltip for Glowsticks?
works when wet

Which celestial weapon does not have a unique-sounding tooltip?
phantasm

Which item's tooltip is "It's pretty, oh so pretty"?
jungle rose

Which item's tooltip is "Guts... and Gory!"?
detonator

Which item's tooltip is "It's made out of fire!"?
fiery greatsword

Which item's tooltip is "Allows the control of gravity"?
gravitation potion

Which item's tooltip is "Smells like bubblegum and happiness"?
silly pink balloon

Which item's tooltip is "Smells like mint and glee"?
silly green balloon

Which item's tooltip is "Smells like lavender and enthusiasm"?
silly purple balloon

Which item's tooltip is "Tied down for everyone's pleasure"?
silly tied bundle of balloons

Which item's tooltip is "Wuv... twue wuv.."?
wedding veil

Which item's tooltip is "Mawwiage..."?
wedding dress

Which item is "banned in most places"?
illegal gun parts

Which item's tooltip is "This is a good idea!"?
sandgun

Which item's tooltip is "It smells funny..."?
red hat

Which item's tooltip is "Strike with the fury of the sun"?
solar eruption

Which item "grants slow fall in exchange for your feet"?
djinn's curse

Which item's tooltip is "Lights up bulbs for each wire color"?
wire bulb

Which item's tooltip is "Creates several crystal shards on impact"?
crystal bullet

Which item's tooltip is "Spits an Ichor stream on contact"?
bladetongue

Which item's tooltip is "Stacks up to 5"?
light disc

Which item's tooltip is "Immunity to petrification"?
pocket mirror

What item has the tooltip "Sharp and magical!"?
unicorn horn

Which item's tooltip is "Productivity up 200%"?
cog wall

Which item allows you to "right click to guard with a shield"?
brand of the inferno

Which item's tooltip is "Having a wonderful time!"?
unicorn on a stick

Which item's tooltip is "Allows you to go into stealth mode"?
psycho knife

Which item's tooltip is "Strike with the fury of the sun"?
solar eruption

Which item was delivered "from Orion's belt to the palm of your hand"?
nebula blaze

Which item is described as "a pebble of the heavens"?
luminite

Which item's tooltip is "Susceptible to lava!"?
companion cube

Which item "unleashes the heart's energy forward"?
flying dragon

Which weapon is "a catastrophic mixture of pew pew and boom boom"?
vortex beater

The Sniper Rifle and Uzi share their tooltips with what other ranged weapon?
venus magnum

What is the exact tooltip of the biome keys prior to defeating Plantera?
it has been cursed by a powerful jungle creature

What is the only item other than the Pwnhammer with the tooltip "Strong enough to destroy Demon Altars"?
hammush

>> [Pressure plates] -----------------------------
How many types of pressure plates are there?
12

How many non-weighted pressure plates can only be triggered by players?
4

How many types of pressure plates can be found naturally?
4

Which naturally-generated Pressure Plate can also be triggered by enemies?
red

Name a type of non-weighted pressure plate that can only be triggered by players.
grey

Which wiring mechanism activates when hit by a projectile?
teal pressure pad

Which pressure plate can only be triggered by NPCs and enemies?
yellow

Name a type of pressure plate that can only be triggered by players, NPCs, and enemies.
red

What color is the type of pressure pad that can ONLY be triggered by projectiles or pets?
teal

Name one type of pressure plate that can be triggered by any entity that steps on it.
red

>> [Colors] ----------------------------------
What color is the Ruby gem?
red

What color is the Amber gem?
orange

What color is the Topaz gem?
yellow

What color is the Emerald gem?
green

What color is the Sapphire gem?
blue

What color is the Amethyst gem?
purple

What color is the Diamond gem?
white

What color are Souls of Fright?
orange

What color are Souls of Sight?
green

What color are Souls of Might?
blue

How many team colors are available in multiplayer mode?
5

>> [How many X] ------------------------------------

How many different shortswords are there?
8

How many swords must be sacrificed to craft the Night's Edge?
4

How many different colors of Phaseblade are in Terraria?
6

How many different yoyos are there?
20

How many yoyos are craftable?
5

How many yoyos are obtained as loot from enemies or bosses?
10

How many different Counterweights are in the game?
6

How many yoyos are obtainable during pre-Hardmode?
8

How many different yoyos can be held out indefinitely?
6

How many different yoyos are obtainable during pre-Hardmode?
8

How many weapons can only be obtained as a drop from a town NPC?
6

How many different pre-Hardmode pickaxes have a pickaxe power of 100%?
2

How many pickaxes are tied for the lowest pickaxe power?
3

How many drills can be crafted?
8

How many hamaxes are in Terraria?
8

How many hammers (including hamaxes) cannot be crafted?
4

How many bows are there?
29

How many repeaters are there?
9

How many bows (not Repeaters) are fully automatic?
8

How many ranged weapons do not consume ammo?
4

How many guns are there?
25

How many different bullets are available during pre-Hardmode?
4

How many modifiers can only be obtained on ranged weapons?
12

How many different varieties of bullets are there?
14

How many different bullet variants are available during pre-Hardmode?
4

How many types of rockets are in Terraria?
4

How many weapons use darts as ammo?
4

How many weapons can use darts as ammo?
4

How many post-Moon Lord items are bought from NPCs?
2

How many gem staves can be crafted in the PC version of the game?
7

How many magic weapons cannot be obtained without fishing?
3

How many magic weapons take the form of a spell tome?
9

How many magic weapons can be crafted with Gems?
7

How many magic tome weapons can be obtained in pre-Hardmode?
3

How many sentry summoning weapons are in the game?
16

How many different throwing weapons are there?
20

How many items contain the word "dragon" in their name?
4

How many different fishing poles are in Terraria?
9

How many fishing poles are craftable?
4

How many grappling hooks do not have "Hook" in their name?
3

How many different bait items are there?
30

How many different types of crates can be fished up in the game?
9

How many different trophies can you get from fishing quests?
4

How many accessory slots are usable in normal mode?
5

How many different strange plants are there?
4

How many kinds of Magic Droppers are there?
4

How many different dyes (including Team Dye) are available in the PC version of the game?
110

How many different dyes can be used to make colored String?
15

How many different dye ingredients are dropped by beetles?
3

How many variants of reflective dye are there?
6

How many Flasks can be crafted in pre-Hardmode?
3

How many different treasure bags are obtainable in the game?
15

How many pre-Hardmode enemy banners are there in the PC version?
100

How many types of naturally-growing "mushroom" items are in Terraria?
6

How many different colors of wires can be placed?
4

How many different paintings are there?
80

How many different paintings can be found in the Underworld?
12

How many different paintings can be obtained from Goodie bags?
5

How many different paintings can be obtained from the Angler as a quest reward?
1

How many different Pre-Hardmode armor sets are there?
34

How many different Hardmode armor sets are there in the PC version?
30

How many CRAFTABLE armor sets don't grant a set bonus?
2

How many vanity capes are there?
4

How many mounts cannot be obtained without fishing?
4

How many pets are in the PC version of the game?
26

How many pets can be bought from NPCs in the PC version?
4

How many pets produce light, despite not being categorized as Light Pets?
2

How many golden critters are in Terraria?
8

How many Jellyfish Jars are there?
3

How many different emblem accessories are in the game?
7

How many different mounts are there?
12

How many different types of Solution are available?
5

How many different rarity colors are there?
15

How many animated "Soul" items are obtainable?
6

How many different potions can be dropped by regular Slimes in singleplayer mode?
5

How many total statues are there?
108

How many statues spawn enemies?
21

How many different functional statues can spawn Hardmode enemies?
5

How many statues teleport a random NPC when activated?
2

How many statues spawn critters?
15

How many golden critters are there?
8

How many critters have banners?
4

How many different anvils are in Terraria?
4

How many different kinds of ores (including obsidian) are acquirable?
21

How many different types of trees are there?
8

How many different blocks obey gravity?
6

How many different colors of moss are there?
6

How many different types of ore can be used in the crafting of potions?
4

How many different 'Soul of ___' items are there in the PC version?
6

How many different block placing wands are in the game in the PC version?
6

How many different usable keys are there in the PC version?
10

How many different biome keys are there?
5

How many types of glowsticks are in Terraria?
4

How many different items grant the Well Fed buff upon consumption?
13

After using an Enchanted Sundial, how many in-game days must you wait before you can use it again?
7

How many different slippery blocks are there?
7

How many different colors of wires are there?
4

How many different colors of wire can traps naturally generate with?
4

How many different types of wood are there?
9

How many different personal storage items are there?
3

How many vase variants are there?
5

How many caged critters can be hung in bottles?
2

How many team colors are in the game?
5

How many Liquid Sensor variants are there?
4

How many furniture sets are not crafted from a type of Wood?
22

How many herbs are there?
7

How many moon phases are in one lunar cycle?
8

How many moon phases provide a negative fishing bonus?
3

How many enemies can only be found in Granite or Marble biomes?
4

How many Demonite/Crimtane Bricks are created when the Wall of Flesh dies?
32

How many different debuffs can be inflicted by enemies?
29

>> [How many X (Crafting edition)] -----------------
One wood and one gel can make how many torches?
3

How many types of torches are in the game?
16

How many Wooden Arrows can be crafted using one Wood and one Stone Block?
25

How many different items can be crafted with Copper Ore?
3

How many lenses are required to craft the Suspicious Looking Eye?
6

How many Wooden Arrows can be crafted with 13 stone and 17 wood in the PC version?
325

How many types of campfires can be crafted?
8

How many of each Celestial Fragment are required to craft a Celestial Sigil?
20

How many Glowing Mushrooms are required to craft one Shroomite Bar?
15

How many metal bars are required to craft a watch?
10

How many Iron bars do you need to craft an inlet pump?
10

How many Iron Bars are required to make an Announcement Box?
4

How many different recipes include Illegal Gun Parts?
3

How many Topaz are required to craft the Sandgun?
5

How many different items can be crafted with Silk as the only ingredient?
6

How many Meteor Shots can be crafted from one Meteorite Bar?
70

The Fiery Greatsword requires how many Hellstone bars to craft?
20

How many Hellstone bars are needed to make a full set of Molten Armor?
45

How many swords are used to craft the Night's Edge?
4

How many items can be crafted with a Spell Tome?
3

How many total Rotten Chunks are required to craft a set of Archaeologist's Jacket and Pants?
150

How many Jungle Spores are required to craft a full set of Jungle armor?
32

How many Meteorite bars are required to craft 1000 Meteor Shots?
15

How many souls of light are needed to craft the Crystal Storm?
15

How many different animal cages can be crafted with a terrarium?
28

How many Sturdy Fossils are required to craft the Amber Staff?
15

How many items require Jungle Spores to craft?
7

How many different items can be made with Demonite Bars that do not require Shadow Scales?
5

How many Mythril bars are needed to create a Mythril Anvil?
10

How many souls of flight are needed to craft certain wings?
20

How many Crystal Shards are required to craft a Phasesaber?
50

How many Golden Bullets can you craft with 1 Gold Dust?
50

How much wire is required to craft The Grand Design?
60

How many unique ingredients are used to craft the Mechanical Eye, used to summon The Twins?
3

How much Chlorophyte ore is needed to craft all three helmet variants that can be crafted with it?
216

How many different types of bars are used to craft the Drill Containment Unit?
6

How much ectoplasm do you need to craft all Spectre equipment?
88

How many different kinds of bars do you need to make the Drill Containment Unit?
6

If you had 1500 gold coins, how many platinum coins could you make?
15

How many ingredients are needed to craft the Cell Phone in total?
13

How many celestial fragments are required to create any one full celestial armor set?
45

How many Iron bars do you need to craft 252 iron fences?
63

How many different Music Boxes are needed to craft Music Box (Title)?
12

How many Hallowed Bars are needed to craft Excalibur?
12

What is the only music box that can be obtained through crafting in the PC version?
title

How many TOTAL ingredients does the Ankh Charm require to craft?
9

What crafting material is always dropped by Black Recluses?
spider fang

How many Spider Fangs are required to craft a full set of Spider armor?
36

How many Luminite bars are required to craft all 4 different post Moon Lord armor sets?
144

How many Luminite Bullets can be crafted with one Luminite Bar?
333

>> [Hair] ------------------------------------------
How many different hairstyles are available at character creation?
51

How many hairstyles are only available through the Stylist?
83

How many different hairstyles include an 'ahoge' (a single strand sticking out at the top)?
4

How many different gender-exclusive hairstyles are there?
0

What number is the bald hairstyle?
16

What number is the afro hairstyle?
17

>> [Dye] -------------------------------------------
Which basic dye ingredient has a misspelled name?
purple mucos

Which dye can only be obtained in multiplayer mode?
team

Which dye most closely matches the color of Orichalcum armor?
violet

Name a dye that the Dye Trader sells at all times in singleplayer mode.
brown

How many Basic Dyes are there?
15

Which Hair Dye does the Stylist sell immediately after Hardmode starts?
biome

Which normal mode dye sells for the most coins?
skiphs's blood

What is the only developer item that can be obtained in normal mode?
skiphs's blood

Which is the only item that can be rewarded to the player upon opening a treasure bag in Hardmode, or by offering a strange plant to the Dye Trader after defeating the Moon Lord?
skiphs's blood

What is the only dye that is crafted with bars?
void

Which non-basic dye can be used to make colored string?
rainbow

Which hair dye can only be obtained in multiplayer mode?
team

Name a dye that can be obtained by handing a Strange Plant to the Dye Trader, but can also be obtained through some other method.
skiphs' blood

Which single dye requires the most total materials to craft?
intense rainbow

How many developers have their own unique Dye?
2

How many dyes obtainable from quests can also be obtained through some other method?
3

What color does Team Hair Dye dye your hair when you are not on a team?
white

Which hair dye can only be obtained in multiplayer?
team

Which dye turns items completely black?
shadow

Name a basic dye that can only be obtained by exploring the Jungle.
violet

Red, Orange, and Yellow Dye can be combined to create what dye?
flame

How many dye ingredients in total are needed to craft one Rainbow Dye?
9

How many Strange Dyes are reflective?
6

Name a developer who has their own unique dye.
loki

Which dye requires the most materials to craft?
intense rainbow

>> [Rarity] ----------------------------------------
What color rarity are Expert-exclusive items?
rainbow

Name one of the three items that have a base rarity of Gray.
tin can

Which color does no item in the game have as its base rarity?
purple

Excluding rainbow and amber, how many different colors of rarity are there?
13

What color rarity are quest items?
amber

What color rarity are Strange Plants?
amber

Excluding rainbow and amber, what color is the highest rarity in the game?
purple

>> [Modifiers] -------------------------------------
How many weapon and accessory modifiers are in the game?
83

How many modifiers can only be obtained on magic and summoning weapons?
12

How many modifiers can only be obtained on melee weapons?
16

What is the best prefix that a melee weapon can obtain?
legendary

Name a ranged-exclusive modifier that lowers a weapon's rarity by 2 tiers.
awful

Which magic modifier lowers mana cost by the greatest amount?
masterful

What is the best prefix that a ranged weapon can obtain?
unreal

What is the best prefix that a magic weapon can obtain?
mythical

Name a ranged modifier that lowers a weapon's rarity by 2 tiers.
awful

What is the best modifier for the Leaf Blower in terms of damage per second?
demonic

Which class has the largest number of unique weapon modifiers?
melee

Name a melee-exclusive modifier that lowers a weapon's rarity by 2 tiers.
terrible

What is the best modifier for the Coin Gun, in terms of damage per second?
agile

How much extra mana is gained from the Arcane accessory prefix?
20

What is the maximum percentage by which a modifier can increase critical strike chance?
5

Which magic modifier lowers a weapon's rarity by 2 tiers?
ignorant

Name one modifier that provides the exact same stat changes as another.
hurtful

What name is used by two different modifiers?
deadly

Which modifier grants the highest damage increase?
ruthless

What is the best prefix for a Paladin's Hammer in PvP?
ruthless

Which weapon modifier reduces damage by the largest amount?
broken

Which modifier grants the highest damage for summoning weapons?
ruthless

Which modifier is identical to Godly for all stats except knockback?
demonic

Which modifier provides the largest increase to mining speed?
light

What is the best prefix for most of the melee weapons?
legendary

What is the best prefix for most of the ranged weapons?
unreal

What is the best prefix for most of the magic weapons?
mythical

Which accessory prefix provides the highest increase to defense?
warding

Which accessory prefix provides the highest increase to damage?
menacing

Which accessory prefix provides the highest increase to melee speed?
violent

Which accessory prefix provides the highest increase to critical strike chance?
lucky

How much mana do you gain from having the Arcane prefix on accessories?
20

Which magic modifier lowers mana cost as its only effect?
adept

What is the best modifier for a yoyo?
godly

Which weapon modifier reduces speed by the largest amount?
sluggish

>> [Misc.] -----------------------------------------
What is the maximum number of items that can be put in 1 stack?
999

What is the max number of item stacks that can be held within one chest?
40

What is the maximum stack size for Lesser Mana Potions?
50

What is the maximum attainable critical strike chance?
154%

Including the usage of items and buffs, what's the highest attainable amount of mana?
400

What is the highest attainable defense in Expert mode?
173

What is the maximum amount of dirt blocks a player can hold in their inventory?
49950

What is the maximum amount of fallen stars the player can hold in their inventory in the PC version?
5346

What is the only non-consumable item crafted at a Demon/Crimson altar?
night's edge

What is the only craftable mount?
drill containment unit

Which pre-Hardmode mount gains increased mobility in water?
turtle

Which mount travels the fastest underwater?
cute fishron

Which mythological animal is summoned as a mount with the Blessed Apple?
unicorn

Which item allows you to summon a ridable Unicorn?
blessed apple

How many different items grant the ability to walk on lava?
2

How many copper coins is one platinum coin worth?
1000000

Which projectile-firing spear can be acquired the earliest progression-wise?
mushroom

What is the only hardcore-exclusive item in the game?
0x33's aviators

Name a type of Lunar Fragment.
solar

====================================================

> [Buffs] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What is the maximum number of buffs you can have simultaneously?
22

How many different fire-based debuffs can the player inflict?
4

>> [Tooltips/Appearance] ---------------------------
Which NPC is depicted on the icon for the On Fire! debuff?
guide

Which mount buff has the tooltip "Now you see me..."?
pigron

What is the buff tooltip for the Bee Mount buff?
Bzzzbzzbzzzzbzzz

Which buff's tooltip is "The power of nature protects you"?
dryad's blessing

Name a debuff that has a purely visual effect.
slimed

>> [Effects] ---------------------------------------
Which debuff prevents building and breaking blocks?
creative shock

By what percentage does the Fishing Potion increase your fishing power?
15

What debuff is always active during the Old One's Army event?
creative shock

Excluding debuffs that inhibit movement, which debuff prevents the use of non-equipped items?
cursed

Which DoT debuff deals quadruple damage to a player that is not standing still?
electrified

Which buff potion can be used to completely block Duke Fishron's detonating bubble attack?
inferno

How much damage does the Shadowflame debuff deal every second?
15

By what amount does the Ichor debuff lower defense?
20

How many minutes does the Thorns buff last?
2

Which potion increases your resistance to ice-based attacks?
warmth

How much defense is gained from Dryad's Blessing?
8

By what amount does the Weak debuff reduce your defense?
4

For how many seconds does a buff provided by Nebula armor last?
8

How much defense is gained by drinking an Ironskin Potion?
8

Which stat-increasing buff potion has the shortest duration?
magic power

Which buff potion boosts enemy spawn rate?
battle

Which debuff enhances the damage of other debuffs?
oiled

Which debuff decreases defense while increasing melee stats?
tipsy

Which debuff has the same effect as Broken Armor?
withered armor

How much does the Ichor debuff lower defense by?
20

Name a type of ore that the Spelunker Potion does not work on.
hellstone

How many seconds would the Potion Sickness debuff last on a player that has both the Philosopher's Stone and the Charm of Myths equipped?
45

By how much does the Betsy's Curse debuff lower an enemy's defense?
40

Which buff potion crafted using five different ingredients only lasts for 2 minutes?
thorns

Aside from Thorns, which other temporary buff allows players to deal contact damage?
dryad's blessing

Which buff increases the damage of the next melee attack by 500%?
striking moment

Name a slime variant that does not have the word "slime" in its name.
gastropod

Which debuff prevents players from building or breaking blocks?
creative shock

Which debuff inflicted by enemies increases your damage output?
feral bite

Name one of the three debuffs that prevent all player movement.
frozen

How much damage does the shadowflame debuff deal per second (without the Oiled debuff)?
15

Which debuff prevents the use of weapons without impeding movement?
cursed

Which debuff has the largest number of associated death messages?
stoned

Aside from Stoned, which other debuff has multiple associated death messages?
chaos state

Which enemy resembles the sword Excalibur?
enchanted sword

How many unique death messages are there for dying in lava?
4

How many unique death messages are there for drowning?
4

How many unique death messages are there for death by fall damage?
5

What is the last word in the unique death message displayed when the Wall of Flesh corners a player against the world boundary?
licked

Which potion surrounds the player with a ring of fire?
inferno

Which Flask allows you to inflict a debuff that cannot affect player characters?
gold

By how much does the Weak debuff reduce your defense?
4

>> [Inflicting] ------------------------------------
Which debuff do Dart Traps inflict?
poisoned

Which debuff does lava inflict?
on fire

Which debuff do flares inflict?
on fire

Which consumable inflicts the Tipsy debuff for the longest time?
sake

What debuff can the Moon Lord inflict?
moon bite

Which debuff do Skeletron's hands have a chance to inflict?
slow

Which debuff is inflicted while the player is in contact with Meteorite, Hellstone or Hellstone bricks?
burning

Which enemy inflicts the webbed debuff?
black recluse

How many enemies inflict the Cursed Inferno debuff?
3

How many enemies can inflict the Weak debuff in normal mode?
3

Which melee weapon inherently inflicts the Ichor debuff?
bladetounge

What debuff is inflicted by bats in Expert mode?
feral bite

Which buff do sunflowers give when within a 50-tile radius of the player?
happy

Which buff is granted by Sunflowers?
happy

What is the only debuff you can get from touching water?
chilled

What debuff does the Wall of Flesh inflict on players that get stuck behind it?
the tongue

How many debuffs can Black Recluses inflict in Expert Mode?
2

Which enemy inflicts the Distorted debuff?
alien queen

Which enemy inflicts the Withered Weapon debuff?
etherian lightning bug

What debuff is inflicted by the Dreamer Ghoul?
confused

Name a food item that provides the Well Fed buff for only 10 minutes.
pad thai

What is the name of the buff provided by the Frozen Turtle Shell?
ice barrier

Which enemy has the highest probability of inflicting the Frozen debuff?
ice golem

For how many seconds does a Frostburn Arrow inflict Frostburn?
4

Which buff can only be obtained by inflicting a debuff on enemies?
life drain

Which fire-based debuff can only be inflicted through the use of specific weapons?
shadowflame

What enemy inflicts the Oozed debuff?
ogre

Which enemy inflicts the Withered Armor debuff?
wither beast

What is the name of the buff granted by Palladium armor?
rapid healing

How long does the Rapid Healing buff last, in seconds?
5

What is the only debuff that the Lunatic Cultist can inflict?
on fire!

Which enemy can inflict the Broken Armor debuff for two minutes?
armored skeleton

What is the only source of the Stinky debuff?
stink potion

What debuff is inflicted by Ragged Casters?
blackout

Which debuff is inflicted by Black Recluses only in Expert mode?
webbed

How many minutes does the Clairvoyance buff last?
10

====================================================

> [Blocks] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
How many different bouncy blocks are there?
4

How many different types of brick can Jungle Shrines be made of?
5

How many different types of wood blocks are in the game?
9

How many types of ore can never be broken by an explosion?
7

What type of purchaseable block causes players to bounce upon being landed on?
silly balloons

Which large plant can be cut down with an axe, but can also be collected by mining or hammering the block it grows on?
cactus

What is the Crimson variant of wood?
shadewood

What is the Corruption variant of wood?
ebonwood

Which ore can only be mined after defeating all three mechanical bosses?
chlorophyte

What debuff do Necromancers inflict?
slow

What is the Snow variant of wood?
boreal

How many ores produce a constant glow?
3

What type of block can change the color of waterfalls that appear when water spills over a half-block?
gemspark

What is the Beach/Ocean variant of wood?
palm

Aside from Tin Plating and Copper Plating, what is the only "Plating" block?
shroomite

Which block is immune to explosions only during pre-Hardmode?
hellstone

What resource can naturally spawn in front of a certain type of background wall?
cobweb

Name a block-placing wand that places blocks that can never be reclaimed.
leaf wand

Which block can only be used to craft a door, table, and chair?
pine tree block

How many pairs of alternative ores are in Terraria?
8

How many types of platforms are in the game that cannot be crafted or bought?
8

Which treasure detected by the Metal Detector cannot be found in the world naturally?
studry fossil

How many types of moss can be found?
6

Which block emits glowing blue sparks when hit by a pickaxe?
martian conduit plating

Name a Hardmode ore that shares its name with a real metal.
titanium

Which naturally generated, solid block drops nothing when destroyed and cannot placed in any way?
thin ice

Which solid block has "Beam" in its name?
adamantite beam

What is the only item that can be crafted with Mud Blocks?
mudstone brick

What block can only be used to craft a door, table, and chair?
pine

What is the only item that is crafted with Ash Blocks?
iridescent brick

What is the most valuable ore that requires a Mythril Pickaxe or better to mine?
titanium

Starting from rest, how far (in blocks) must a player fall in order to break Thin Ice?
4

What is the only placeable item that cannot be picked back up again?
boulder

What type of wall can be crafted using blocks, but cannot be crafted back into blocks?
planked wall

What is the only block in the game that can only be crafted in a specific biome?
snow block

True or false: Pumpkins can be grown outside of the Halloween season.
true

How many types of blocks can be obtained from Presents?
3

What block is slippery even when wearing Ice Skates?
frozen slime block

Name a block that obeys gravity, but is not a type of sand.
silt

Name a type of wood that is Hardmode-exclusive.
pearlwood

What is the toughest block in the game?
lihzahrd brick

What block requires 210% pickaxe power to mine?
lihzahrd brick

Which block requires the highest pickaxe power to mine?
lihzahrd brick

Fallen Stars can used to craft which block?
sunplate

Which metal is the alternate to Iron?
lead

Which metal is the alternate to Silver?
tungsten

Which metal is the alternative to Cobalt?
palladium

Name a solid block that can be combined with Torches to create a new type of torch.
ice

What type of ore can be crafted into a block whose name ends in "Column"?
palladium

What is the base damage of Explosives?
500

Apart from Hellstone, what ingredient is needed to craft Hellstone Bars?
obsidian

Which block forms when honey and water collide?
honey

Which liquid falls the slowest?
honey

Aside from Spooky Wood, what type of wood cannot be obtained by chopping down a tree?
dynasty

Which blocks can only be obtained as a quest reward from the Angler?
coralstone

Which block forms when honey and lava collide?
crispy honey

Which block forms when lava and water collide?
obsidian

Excluding Luminite, what is the highest tier ore that can be mined with the Mythril Pickaxe?
titanium

Which block greatly increases your maximum running speed?
asphalt

Out of Asphalt blocks, Lightning Boots, and the Blessed Apple; which one boosts maximum movement speed the most?
blessed apple

How many background walls are animated?
9

What type of wall is sold by the Pirate?
sail

What animated background wall can be purchased from an NPC?
arcane rune

>> [Furniture/Non solids] --------------------------
What is the only banner with a width of two tiles?
war table

Which decorative Hardmode furniture item can be crafted into a magic weapon?
desert spirit lamp

What type of wiring mechanism can be crafted using Magic Droppers?
liquid sensor

Which light source with "Lantern" in its name is crafted by hand?
heart lantern

Name a type of critter cage that is filled with soil.
worm

Name a statue that teleports a random NPC when activated.
king

What type of item allows you to place liquid drips that fall from the ceiling?
magic dropper

Which painting is obtained as a quest reward from the Angler?
pillagin' me pixels

Which placeable item with "Rainbow" in its name can be obtained without killing Rainbow Slimes?
rainbow wallpaper

Aside from Campfires, which item can provide the Cozy Fire buff?
fireplace

Which door has a circular window?
steampunk

Name a type of animated background wall that also has a tooltip.
cog

Name a Dynasty item that is not craftable using Dynasty Wood.
dynasty shingles

How many uncraftable Vases are there?
4

Which item can be crafted with Pumpkins by hand?
pumpkin work bench

Which Magic Dropper requires a block in order to be crafted?
sand

Which furniture item is 5 blocks wide?
war table

Which Magic Dropper can be crafted at a Crystal Ball regardless of where it is placed?
sand

What is the only rope that has no sell value?
vine

Name a trophy that can be obtained by completing a fishing quest.
goldfish

What item can be used to obtain a Flask of Party without crafting it?
pigronata

Name a type of platform that can only be crafted at a Work Bench.
cactus

Name a type of platform that does not have "Platform" in its name.
wood shelf

Name a painting that can be obtained from a Goodie Bag.
hallow's eve

How many furniture items can be interacted with to gain a buff?
4

What type of anvil can be purchased?
iron

How many decorative items can be harvested from sand in the ocean?
3

What item will the first Shadow Orb smashed in a world drop?
musket

What item will the first Crimson Heart smashed in a world drop?
undertaker

Other than an empty Bottle, name an item that can be placed on a flat surface and used to craft potions.
chalice

Which Water Fountain is not completely gray before being activated?
icy

Which boss has a trophy that only features an eyeball?
eater of worlds

What is the most expensive item that the Merchant can sell?
safe

What is the only lantern that can be placed underwater?
chinese

How many variants of Benches (not Work Benches) are there?
3

How many weapons can only be found by smashing Crimson Hearts?
3

How many placeable, character-specific storage items are in Terraria?
3

Name a painting that becomes available after clearing Martian Madness.
martia lisa

Which unique treasure found in Dungeon chests is a placeable item?
bone welder

What is the maximum number of item stacks that can be held within one chest?
40

Name a storage item that works like a normal Chest, but does not have "Chest" in its name.
barrel

Which placeable background item can stop the spread of the Corruption and Crimson in pre-Hardmode, but not in Hardmode?
sunflower

Aside from wires, what objects can be placed by the Grand Design?
actuators

How many Tombstone variants are Golden?
5

How many Fountains can the Witch Doctor sell?
8

What renewable item always contains a treasure that is normally found by opening Gold Chests in the Dungeon?
golden lock box

Name a decorative item that can be harvested from sand in the Ocean.
coral

What is the most expensive purchaseable wall?
arcane rune

What is the only type of tree that cannot be planted?
mushroom

Which trophy received as a reward from the Angler does not depict the body of a fish?
sharkteeth

Which type of grass are Strange Plants unable to grow on?
mushroom

Which boss has a trophy that features a metal skull?
santa-nk1

What is the only dye plant that cannot be placed?
pink prickly pear

What type of sapling requires the most vertical space in order to grow?
palm

Which item can be directly crafted with Platinum Bars, but still appears to be made of gold?
throne

What placeable item has an effect opposite to that of the Water Candle?
peace candle

How many basic dye ingredients can be placed?
7

How many different types of plants can be cut down with an axe?
9

What wall decoration can be obtained by opening Presents?
holly

What is the largest item that can trigger a wiring mechanism?
gem lock

Name a critter that can be placed in a bottle and hung from the ceiling.
firefly

What buff can be gained by interacting with a Crystal Ball?
clairvoyance

Which functional, buff-providing furniture item can also be used as a crafting station?
crystal ball

Name a furniture item obtained as an Angler quest reward that is not a wall decoration.
ship in a bottle

Name a type of Campfire that cannot be extinguished with water.
ichor

Which quest fish is featured on a trophy that can be received as a reward from the Angler?
bunnyfish

Which item cannot be crafted without Pink Gel, but is not crafted using Pink Gel directly?
peace candle

How many types of Terrariums are filled with soil?
3

How many light sources that hang from the ceiling are crafted by hand?
4

How many types of sofas cannot be crafted?
5

Which naturally-generated block can be crafted into a cup?
honey

Which wall is crafted from Sunplate Blocks?
disc

What is the maximum number of decorations you can put on a Christmas Tree?
4

How many placeable items can fire ammunition that you place into them?
4

Which furniture item can be used to send chat messages?
announcement box

Which placeable item increases mana regeneration for all nearby players?
star in a bottle

Excluding coins, how many different items can a pigronata drop?
3

How many different colors of Starfish are there?
3

How many variants of Work Benches are in the game?
33

Which decorative furniture item can be turned into a magic weapon in Hardmode?
desert spirit lamp

Which statue is capable of emitting light?
mushroom

Which storage item doesn't need to be placed in order to function?
money trough

What furniture set can be obtained by killing Pirates?
golden

Which tree type doesn't drop acorns?
giant glowing mushroom

What is the only object requiring an axe to harvest that cannot be planted?
giant glowing mushroom

Which painting was made in loving memory of Redigit and Cenx's deceased pet?
sparky

What is the only non-craftable chest that is renewable?
golden

What object is depicted in the Underground Reward painting?
crystal heart

Which type of tree can be grown both with and without Acorns?
rich mahogany

What is the minimum amount of money the player must be carrying to drop a Golden Tombstone upon death?
10g

How many different types of Tombstone are in the game?
11

What item can be upgraded into an Adamantite or Titanium Forge?
hellforge

What is the only Sofa whose sprite does not depict a back rest?
dynasty

Which "tree" that is only harvestable using an axe does not drop a type of wood?
mushroom

Which functional statue drops a stackable item when activated?
bomb

What is the maximum number of gold coins that a Coin Portal can drop?
15

True or false: The Mushroom Statue can be activated using wires.
true

What is the minimum amount of money the player needs to be carrying in order to drop a golden tombstone upon death?
10g

What furniture item, when interacted with, increases the player's minion capacity by 1?
bewitching table

True or false: Adamantite/Titanium appears in a world after breaking the second Demon/Crimson Altar.
false

With no damage negation, what percentage of the player's health is received as damage when hitting a Demon/Crimson Altar with a pre-Hardmode hammer?
50

Which Planter Box can have two different appearances?
deathweed

True or false: Demon/Crimson Altars can be broken in a pre-Hardmode world.
false

Which statue resembles the knight chess piece?
unicorn

Which item can both be placed as furniture and worn?
fish bowl

How many different blocks can be combined with regular Torches to create a new type of torch?
3

How many placeable walls have tooltips?
6

What type of tree's sapling requires the most space in order to grow?
palm

What is the only type of tree on which you cannot place Torches?
palm

What is the Beach variant of wood?
palm

How many different furniture items grant the player a buff upon using them?
4

What furniture item increases the player's minion capacity by 1 when interacted with?
bewitching table

What is the only statue without a base?
pillar

What type of placeable item can be activated to change the background?
monolith

>> [Herb] ------------------------------------------
Which herb only blooms during sunset?
fireblossom

When do waterleaves bloom?
rain

How many herbs are in Terraria?
7

Name a herb used in the recipe for Featherfall Potions.
daybloom

Which herb blooms during rain?
waterleaf

Which herb blooms permanently until harvested?
shiverthorn

Name a herb that can only grow on one type of block.
fireblossom

Which herb blooms and stops blooming at random?
blinkroot

Which craftable item can be used for growing herbs?
clay pot

Which item can be used to obtain seeds from herbs that are not blooming?
staff of regrowth

====================================================

> [Events] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
During the Slime Rain event, how many slimes do you have to kill for the King Slime to spawn within your world for the first time?
150

How many slimes must you kill during Slime Rain before King Slime spawns, if you have already defeated King Slime before?
75

Which boss shows up during the Slime Rain event?
king slime

How many events cannot be triggered without using an item?
4

What type of Goblin breaks doors instead of opening them?
peon

What is the only true non-hostile event in terraria?
party

How many events depend on the calendar date?
2

How many types of pirates can spawn during the Pirate Invasion event?
5

How many paintings are unlocked after clearing Martian Madness?
3

What are the odds of a Blood Moon happening each in-game day once the base conditions are met? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/9

What event is triggered using an item that can only be obtained during a specific season?
frost legion

Name a critter that turns into an enemy during a Blood Moon.
bunny

Which critter with "Gold" in its name does not sell for 10 gold?
goldfish

Which invasion event does not reward players with coins or crafting ingredients?
old one's army

Through which event is the Money Trough obtainable?
blood moon

Which item that triggers an event can be used an unlimited number of times?
party center

How many events can be triggered by the player through some method?
9

How many different types of goblins can spawn during the Goblin Army event?
6

How many different types of goblins are there?
8

How much Etherian Mana does the Eternia Crystal provide when the Old One's Army event starts?
10

Which Frost Legion enemy does not appear to be smiling?
mister stabby

Name an event that is a source of weapons for melee, ranged, and magic, but not for summoning.
frost moon

Which event can drop a melee, ranged, and summoning weapon, but not a magic weapon?
pirate invasion

Which pre-Hardmode goblin from the Goblin Army has the most health?
warrior

What type of Goblin cannot walk?
sorcerer

What event provides the materials needed to craft the Coin Ring?
pirate invasion

What is the only invasion event in which you are attacked by humans?
pirate invasion

What sword can you obtain from a Pirate Invasion?
cutlass

How many different types of pirates can spawn during the Pirate Invasion Event?
5

How many mounts can be obtained from Martian Madness?
2

What are the odds of a Solar Eclipse happening each in-game day once the base conditions are met? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/20

What is the chance of 2 Solar Eclipses naturally occurring on 2 consecutive days? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/400

Which Planter Box is unlocked after defeating the Eye of Cthulhu?
blinkroot

Which boss unlocks two Planter Boxes in the Dryad's shop upon its defeat?
skeletron

Which Planter Box is unlocked after defeating the Wall of Flesh?
fireblossom

Which furniture can be used to skip a Solar Eclipse?
enchanted sundial

What item can be used to skip time?
enchanted sundial

Which event can be summoned using an item crafted with 30 pumpkins, 5 ectoplasm and 10 hallowed bars?
pumpkin moon

Which accessory obtained from a non-naturally-occurring event can be used as a crafting ingredient at the Tinkerer's Workshop?
necromantic scroll

In which wave of the Pumpkin Moon does Pumpking first appear?
7

How many different trophies can you get from the Pumpkin Moon event?
2

What debuff is inflicted on players during a sandstorm?
mighty wind

In Hardmode, what event can be summoned by an item obtained in presents
frost legion

What event is summoned using an item that can only be obtained during a specific season?
frost legion

How many different types of snowmen can spawn during the Frost Legion event?
3

Which pet summoning item can only be obtained through the Frost Moon event?
baby grinch's mischief whistle

On which wave of the Frost Moon does Krampus first appear?
8

How many waves does the post-Golem version of the Old One's Army event have?
7

How many different trophies can you get from the Old One's Army event?
3

Which enemy will trigger an invasion if it spots the player and is allowed to escape?
martian probe

Which non-boss enemy from the Martian Madness event has the highest health?
martian walker

How many vanity sets are obtained from Martian Madness?
2

What is the name of the creature that some Martians ride into battle?
scutlix

Which Celestial Pillar summons the largest variety of enemies?
solar

Which of the celestial pillars is orange?
solar

Which of the celestial pillars is green?
vortex

Which of the celestial pillars is pink?
nebula

Which of the celestial pillars is blue?
stardust

Excluding bosses, which enemy from the Lunar events has the second most health out of all?
flow invader

How many events are there in pre-Hardmode?
7

How many events are there in Hardmode?
7

True or false: There are 7 Hardmode bosses not tied to events.
false

How many waves are in the post-Golem version of the Old One's Army?
7

How many different events have bosses/mini-bosses that drop their respective trophies in the PC version?
5

====================================================

> [World] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

>> World statistic questions -----------------------
At what in-game time does daytime begin?
4:30 am

What in-game time does a world start at after being loaded for the first time?
8:15 am

How many real-world minutes does daytime last in Terraria?
15

How many real-world minutes does nighttime last in Terraria?
9

At what time do bosses spawn naturally (without the use of summon items)?
8:51 pm

At what in-game time does nighttime begin?
19:30

How many different layers are there in a Terraria world?
5

How many statues are exclusive to Expert mode worlds?
2

Cobalt Ore and Palladium Ore spawn below what depth on a large world? Answer in either feet or tiles.
635

Mythril Ore and Orichalcum Ore spawn below what depth on a large world? Answer in either feet or tiles.
2000

Adamantite Ore and Titanium Ore spawn below what depth on a large world? Answer in either feet or tiles.
1465

At what height does the space biome start in a small world? Answer in feet.
425

What is the average start depth of the caverns on a large world? Answer in either feet or tiles.
480

>> [Biomes] ----------------------------------------

>>> Surface ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Which naturally-occurring projectile can damage enemies without a player's intervention?
fallen star

The music track that plays during a Blood Moon also plays in which biome?
meteorite

Which biome is not present when a world is generated, but can naturally appear before Hardmode?
meteorite

>>> Underground ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

How many different paintings can be found in Underground Cabins?
15

What item can be found stacked on the ground next to naturally-generated underground Campfires?
silver coin

>>> Desert :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
What vanity can be obtained from a chest within a pyramid?
pharaoh

How many sand blocks do you need in order to make an artificial Desert biome?
1000

Which pre-Hardmode plant based enemy does not spawn in the Jungle?
angry tumbler

What unique treasure found in Pyramid chests is purely cosmetic?
pharaoh set

How many items can only be found in Pyramid chests?
4

>>> Sword Shrine :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
What is the chance of getting an Arkhalis from a real Enchanted Sword Shrine?
1/10

Name a sword that can be obtained from an Enchanted Sword Shrine.
arkhalis

What weapon can rarely be dropped in place of an Enchanted Sword?
arkhalis

What is the chance of an Enchanted Sword Shrine being fake? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
2/3

>>> Bee Hive :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
What boss can you find in a beehive?
queen bee

True or false: Bee Hives can be found outside the Jungle.
false

>>> Corruption :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
What are the large vertical tunnels in the Corruption officially called?
chasm

Which pre-Hardmode worm enemy spawns naturally in the Corruption?
devourer

>>> Crimson ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

True or false: The Crimson biome is purple-themed.
false

Which block that spreads the Crimson does not have "Crim-" in its name?
red ice

What is the Crimson counterpart of the Vile Mushroom?
vicious mushroom

How many blocks are needed to create an artificial Corruption or Crimson biome?
200

In which biome can Herplings spawn?
crimson

True or false: The Crimson can overpower the Hallow.
false

>>> Jungle :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Name a biome that always spawns on the side of the world opposite to the Jungle.
snow

Which biome contains the most damaging type of thorny bush?
jungle

What is the only gem-based torch that can be found naturally?
green

Which critter encountered in the Jungle cannot be used as bait?
frog

Which item found in the Underground Jungle biome after the defeat of a mechanical boss increases the player's maximum health by 5 up to 500?
life fruit

What type of wood do trees in the Jungle biome drop?
rich mahogany

True or false: The Hallow cannot spread through the Jungle.
true

What is the most valuable critter that can be spawned by breaking background plants in the Jungle?
buggy

Which bait item obtained exclusively from the Jungle has the lowest bait power?
grubby

What boss can be summoned by breaking a background object with an ordinary weapon?
queen bee

What functional furniture item is only found in Underground Cabins in the Jungle?
sharpening station

>>> Jungle Temple ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Which item is required to legitimately enter the Jungle Temple?
temple key

What is the only key in the game that unlocks a door?
temple key

Apart from Lihzahrds, which non-boss enemy can only be found in the Jungle Temple?
flying snake

>>> Floating Island ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

What is the maximum possible number of Floating Islands in a large world?
8

True or false: Floating islands cannot be hit by meteorites.
false

Which non-quest fish can only be fished up on a Floating Island?
damselfish

What is the maximum number of Floating Islands that can be generated in a world?
8

>>> Snow :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Which debuff does being in water in the Snow biome inflict in Expert mode?
chilled

>>> Dungeon ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
How many different biome chests are there in the Dungeon?
5

How many biome chests can be found in the Dungeon on one world?
4

How many different patterns of Dungeon walls are there?
3

How many different paintings can be found in the Dungeon?
24

How many decorative banners can only be found in the Dungeon?
6

In which biome can you obtain ectoplasm?
dungeon

Which biome is the source of most uncraftable Vases?
dungeon

Of the decorative banners found exclusively in the Dungeon, which is the only one with "Banner" in its name?
marching bones banner

How many different colors can the Dungeon be?
3

How many different types (not colors) of Dungeon walls are there?
3

True or false: The Dungeon is always found on the same side of the map as the Jungle.
false

Where can the Water Bolt be found?
dungeon

How many different dungeon-exclusive items can be found in a golden lock box?
7

What is inside the Frozen Biome chest?
staff of the frost hydra

What weapon is inside the locked Hallowed Chest?
rainbow gun

What weapon is inside the locked Corruption Chest?
scourge of the corruptor

What weapon is inside the locked Jungle Chest?
piranha gun

What weapon is inside the locked Crimson Chest?
vampire knives

In what type of chest are the Vampire Knives found?
crimson

>>> Mushroom :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Which biome would you spread using dark blue solution?
mushroom

Which Solution turns Jungle into Glowing Mushroom biomes?
dark blue

Which NPC sells a type of Solution not sold by the Steampunker?
truffle

True or false: Mushroom grass stops the spread of Crimson.
true

>>> Underworld :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
True or false: Water that enters the Underworld evaporates.
true

Which naturally-occurring block in the Underworld can be crafted into platforms?
obsidian brick

>>> Ocean ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
In which biome can you get the Pirate Map?
ocean

How many enemies can only naturally spawn in the Ocean?
5

In which biome can you obtain a Pirate Map?
ocean

>>> Hallow :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Which biome with its own soundtrack cannot be encountered in pre-Hardmode?
hallow

Name a biome that can be affected by Vile Powder.
hallow

Which enemy spawns in the Hallow only at night?
gastropod

Which critter can only be encountered in the Hallow?
lightning bug

====================================================

> [Enemy & Boss] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
>> [Enemy/Boss general] ----------------------------
How many invincibility frames do enemies get upon being hit by piercing damage?
10

Excluding the Dungeon Guardian, which enemy can deal the highest damage in a single attack?
martian saucer

Which enemy is named after a monster in European folklore that captures and punishes naughty children?
krampus

Which pre-Hardmode goblin from the Goblin Army has the highest health?
goblin warrior

How many colors of bows can certain Slimes wear during Christmas?
4

How much TOTAL health does the Moon Lord have in Expert mode?
217500

Which non-event enemy has the same death sound as the snowmen in the Frost Legion?
angry tumbler

Which of the Twins has the most health?
spazmatism

How many segments does the Eater of Worlds have, including its head and tail?
50

How many slimes do you need to kill during Slime Rain for King Slime to spawn if it has not yet been defeated in the world?
150

The Pigron is a combination of a pig and what other creature?
dragon

Which enemy is based on a real amphibian?
salamander

How many different enemies have names starting with "Angry"?
4

Which enemy is a female human?
pirate crossbower

Which Sand Shark variant has the highest health?
crystal thresher

Which debuff are all bosses immune to?
confused

Which pre-Hardmode boss has a unique music theme?
queen bee

Which enemy encountered in the Cavern layer has nine different color variants, all of which share the same stats?
salamander

Which boss shares its music theme with the Lunatic Cultist?
golem

Which boss shares its music theme with The Destroyer?
brain of cthulhu

What is the second largest slime, after King Slime?
rainbow slime

Which enemy only spawns in the Hallow during rain?
rainbow slime

Which Mimic can be encountered that does not drop any unique items?
present

Which Hardmode enemy spawns in the Snow biome, but not in the Underground Snow biome?
ice golem

How many colors of Pigron are there?
3

Name a naturally-spawning Crimson enemy that can move through blocks.
floaty gross

How many variants of Sand Sharks exist?
4

What is the only Plant AI enemy that is affected by knockback?
angry trapper

What enemy replaces the Sand Shark in a Corrupt Desert?
bone biter

What enemy replaces the Sand Shark in a Crimson Desert?
flesh reaver

What enemy replaces the Sand Shark in a Hallowed Desert?
crystal thresher

What type of Ghoul is found in Hallowed Underground Deserts?
dreamer

What is the Crimson variant of the Demon Eye called?
cataract eye

Which mini-boss can deal the highest amount of damage in a single attack?
martian saucer

Which enemy spawns lava upon death in Expert mode?
lava slime

Name a slime variant that can shoot projectiles.
gastropod

Which corrupt critter deals the highest base damage in normal mode?
goldfish

Which type of mimic is in the game files but unused?
jungle

Which boss must be defeated in order to enter the Dungeon?
skeletron

Wall Creepers and Black Recluses mistakenly use the death cry of which enemy?
vulture

What is the first mini-boss that can be encountered in the Old One's Army?
dark mage

Which enemy that spawns in a Solar Eclipse is completely original to Terraria?
eyezor

Which boss must be killed before biome chests can be unlocked?
plantera

How many arms does Skeletron Prime have?
4

Which enemy is the most susceptible to knockback?
pinky

What is the smallest enemy in the game?
bee

Which boss can only be summoned in the Underworld?
wall of flesh

The defeat of which boss triggers Hardmode?
wall of flesh

Which Dungeon enemy produces metallic clinking noises when hit?
paladin

True or false: The mechanical bosses can be fought against in pre-Hardmode.
true

Excluding the Jungle Mimic and counting the regular, gold, and shadow mimics as the same variant; how many variants of mimics are there?
6

What is the only enemy whose name contains the word "Skeleton" that cannot be encountered outside of events?
old one's skeleton

How many different boss and mini-boss masks are there in the PC version?
18

How many non-event bosses are in Terraria?
15

How many different trophies can you get from non-event bosses in the PC version?
16

Including bosses and excluding critters, how many worm type enemies are in the PC version?
12

Which naturally spawning, knockback-immune enemy has the lowest health?
giant worm

Excluding Gastropods and holiday variants, how many variants of slime are there?
26

How many spiked slime variants are there?
3

How many bosses can teleport in Expert mode?
5

How many different bosses have their own unique soundtrack in the PC version?
3

How many different mechanical bosses are there?
3

How many immobile Caster AI enemies are there?
8

Name a boss/mini-boss that has its own unobtainable treasure bag.
ogre

What is the only non-event boss that doesn't drop a treasure bag in Expert mode?
lunatic cultist

How many items obtainable from Queen Bee's treasure bag have no sell value?
5

True or false: Duke Fishron must be defeated before the Lunatic Cultist can be fought.
false

True or false: Duke Fishron can be fought before Plantera.
true

Which non-event Hardmode boss is optional before challenging the Moon Lord?
duke fishron

Which enemy has the second-highest defense, losing only to the Dungeon Guardian?
sharkron

What is the final boss you must defeat before you can challenge the Lunatic Cultist?
golem

Including unobtainable ones, how many different treasure bags are there?
18

Which item can only be obtained from a Treasure Bag dropped by the Brain of Cthulhu?
brain of confusion

Which Expert-exclusive item can be obtained by killing the Brain of Cthulhu?
brain of confusion

Which item can only be obtained from a Treasure Bag dropped by Skeletron?
bone glove

Which Expert-exclusive item can be obtained by killing Skeletron?
bone glove

Which boss has the largest single health bar?
destroyer

Name an arm of Skeletron Prime.
saw

Which enemy deals the highest damage in a single hit?
dungeon guardian

Which enemy/boss has the most health of any one entity?
destroyer

Name one of The Twins.
retinazer

What ore can be mined upon defeating all of the three mechanical bosses?
chlorophyte

After which boss can you get ectoplasm?
plantera

Which butterfly has the shortest name?
gold

How many variants of Rusty Armored Bones are there?
4

How many variants of Hell Armored Bones are there?
4

How many variants of Blue Armored Bones are there?
4

How many types of birds are there?
4

Which celestial pillar is the Warrior class associated with?
solar

Which celestial pillar is the Ranger class associated with?
vortex

Which celestial pillar is the Mage class associated with?
nebula

Which celestial pillar is the Summoner class associated with?
stardust

Which is the only celestial pillar that can deal damage on its own?
solar

What is the only Celestial Pillar that can directly fire projectiles?
solar

What is the only worm boss that can be fought in a Crimson world?
destroyer

How many non-event bosses can be fought in pre-Hardmode?
7

>> [Enemy/Boss behavior] --------------------------
Which critter uses the same AI as slimes?
grasshopper

Which critter cannot spawn naturally?
enchanted nightcrawler

Which pre-Hardmode enemy that uses the Plant AI is technically not a plant?
fungi bulb

How much health must at least one player have before the Eye of Cthulhu can naturally spawn?
200

Name a slime variant that spawns one or more other slimes upon death.
mother slime

Which non-boss enemy gains an electrifying new attack in Expert mode?
jellyfish

Which pre-Hardmode enemy has the lowest spawn chance?
pinky

What is the only critter found exclusively in Mushroom Biomes prior to Hardmode?
glowing snail

How many enemies follow the Worm AI?
14

Which Goblin deals the lowest damage?
peon

On average, how many hits would a Man Eater take to kill a player with 200 health in Expert mode in Hardmode?
4

Name a Hardmode enemy that can be spawned by a statue.
mimic

Which Lunar Event enemy uses an attack that resembles the beam fired by a Charged Blaster Cannon?
stargazer

How many slime variants spawn one or more other slimes upon death?
4

Which Hardmode enemy based on a real animal uses the same AI as the Unicorn?
wolf

Which humanoid enemy can swim?
creature from the deep

How many enemies can crawl on background walls?
6

How many slime variants can spawn multiple slimes upon death?
3

Name a non-boss enemy that changes form when its health is reduced to around half.
lihzahrd

Which Lunar Event enemy spawns smaller enemies that explode on contact with the player?
twinkle popper

What is the most common enemy AI type?
fighter

Which worm enemy can only be damaged by attacking its head?
milkyway weaver

Which plant-based enemy spawns at the surface of the Jungle in pre-Hardmode?
snatcher

How much HP is restored to one of the Moon Lord body parts if a Moon Leech Clot reaches its mouth?
1000

What is the only enemy that can spawn liquid blocks?
lava slime

Name a Hardmode enemy that spawns in the Snow biome, but not in the Underground Snow biome.
ice golem

Which enemy splatters into gore upon hitting any surface?
sharkron

What is the only boss that takes damage from lava?
king slime

Name an enemy that can spawn underground after one mechanical boss has been defeated.
red devil

The message "You feel an evil presence watching you..." signals the arrival of which boss?eye of cthulhu

Which Underground Desert enemy can inflict Venom?
sand poacher

What projectile is fired by the Corruptor?
vile spit

What is the only pre-Hardmode "Elemental" enemy?
granite

What is the only Slime variant that can fly and not just hover?
slimer

True or false: Skeletron can only be fought in Hardmode.
false

Which non-event enemy can modify terrain?
wall of flesh

Which slime deals the highest contact damage?
rainbow

Which boss gains the ability to teleport in Expert mode?
duke fishron

Which Lunar event enemy splits into smaller versions of itself when killed?
star cell

What worm enemy can appear at the Desert's surface during a sandstorm in Hardmode?
dune splicer

Which Frost Moon enemy deals the highest contact damage?
yeti

Which Ghoul variant inflicts the highest contact damage?
tainted

Which enemy has the highest knockback resistance without being completely immune?
flow invader

Which pre-Hardmode slime can only be encountered in Expert mode?
spiked slime

Which enemy fires Ice Spit projectiles?
icy merman

Which enemy deals the second-largest amount of contact damage, losing only to the Dungeon Guardian?
rune wizard

What type of zombie can open doors at any time?
spore

What is the name of the projectile fired by Demons, as displayed in death messages?
demon sickle

Which pre-Hardmode enemy can poison you for up to 20 seconds in normal mode?
spiked jungle slime

Which naturally-spawning Hardmode enemy has lower health than a Blue Slime?
blood feeder

How many different nocturnal enemies can spawn on any night in Hardmode?
9

Which enemy sometimes ignores the player and tries to lay eggs?
mothron

Which enemy has a chance to drop the Broken Hero Sword upon death?
mothron

Which event boss inflicts a debuff that no other enemy in the game inflicts?
ogre

Which Hardmode, pre-Plantera enemy uses the same AI as the Unicorn?
wolf

Which enemy remains invisible and stationary until approached by a player?
psycho

How fast does the Dungeon Guardian move in mph?
41

Which non-boss enemy fires a destructible projectile that slowly drifts downwards towards the player?
giant fungi bulb

Which enemy spawns in Marble biomes only in Hardmode?
medusa

Which enemy exclusively spawns at high altitudes during pre-Hardmode?
harpy

What projectile is fired by Goblin Sorcerers?
chaos ball

How many new enemies can be encountered in the Dungeon after Plantera is defeated?
13

Which enemy always inflicts the Slow debuff if it successfully hits the player?
necromancer

What message is displayed after the Wall of Flesh is defeated for the first time?
The ancient spirits of light and dark have been released

What is the only boss that summons blocks upon death?
wall of flesh

Which boss instantly kills the player if they try to teleport away?
wall of flesh

Which of Skeletron Prime's arms deals the highest contact damage?
saw

Which enemy spawns immediately after a Demon/Crimson Altar is smashed?
wraith

Name a slime variant that can spawn multiple slimes upon death.
king slime

Other than the Gastropod, what is the only slime variant that can fly in the PC version?
slimer

During which moon phase do Werewolves spawn?
full

Which moon phase increases the spawn rate of Fireflies?
new

Name an Underground Crimson enemy that can move through blocks.
floaty gross

Which non-goblin enemy can fire Chaos Balls?
tim

Which Underground Desert enemy can climb on background walls?
sand poacher

Background plants within the jungle have a chance of spawning 3 different bugs when destroyed: buggy, sluggy and what other bug?
grubby

Which biome do Rainbow Slimes spawn in during the rain?
hallow

Aside from Psychos, which non-boss enemy can turn invisible?
pigron

Which Old One's Army enemy runs forward and tries to blow itself up?
kobold

Which mini-boss spawns during the Pirate Invasion event?
flying dutchman

What projectile does the Pirate Crossbower fire?
flaming arrow

Which event enemy can modify terrain?
snow balla

The Bone Lee enemy starts spawning in the Dungeon after the defeat of which boss?
plantera

What is the first word in the status message displayed after Plantera is defeated for the first time?
screams

What Hardmode boss can summon the Phantasm Dragon?
lunatic cultist

What enemy is summoned if you attack one of the Lunatic Cultist's clones?
phantasm dragon

Which Hardmode enemy fires Wooden Arrows?
cultist archer

Which enemy ignores players unless they are flying?
crawltipede

Which enemy can the Lunatic Cultist only summon in Expert mode?
ancient doom

What entity can the Lunatic Cultist summon only if there is a Phantasm Dragon alive?
ancient vision

Which female mini-boss shows up during the Frost Moon event?
ice queen

What flying miniboss shows up during the Frost Moon event?
ice queen

The message "You feel the air getting colder around you..." signals the arrival of which boss?
skeletron prime

The message "You feel vibrations from deep below..." signals the arrival of which boss?destroyer

The message "This is going to be a terrible night..." signals the arrival of which boss?
twins

How many different bosses become enraged when led away from their home biome?
2

Name a boss that becomes enraged when led away from its home biome.
plantera

Which boss becomes enraged if not fought underground?
plantera

What do Sharknados turn into in Duke Fishron's second phase?
cthulhunados

What is the name of the tornado that Duke Fishron summons in its second phase?
cthulhunados

Which enemy can build Tesla Turrets?
martian engineer

What is the name of the enemy that rides the Scutlix creature?
scutlix gunner

Which enemy does a Scutlix Gunner turn into if the Scutlix is killed before the rider?
ray gunner

Which enemy launches up to three projectiles at the player upon dying?
flow invader

Which enemy can be teleported by a player's own Magic Mirror?
brain suckler

Which enemy attacks by trying to attach itself to your head?
brain suckler

Which non-boss Frost Moon enemy shoots bullets?
elf copter

What is the base damage of the Lunatic Devote enemy?
0

Which humanoid enemy does not deal contact damage?
lunatic devote

What is the Splinterling's base damage?
100

What is the base damage of a single missile fired by Santa-NK1 in Expert mode?
168

What is the base damage of the ranged attack of the Hoplite in Expert mode?
96

Excluding bosses and mini-bosses, how many total unique event enemies are there?
112

How many real-world minutes will the Moon Lord take to arrive after the message "Impending doom approaches..." is displayed?
1

How many seconds pass between when "Impending doom approaches..." and when the Moon Lord spawns?
60

>> [Enemy/Boss debuffs/immune] ---------------------------

Which debuff does the Wall of Flesh inflict while the player is in its range?
horrified

Name a debuff that the Ice Queen can inflict.
frozen

Which enemy inflicts the webbed debuff?
black recluse

Which enemy inflicts the Obstructed debuff?
brain suckler

Which debuff does each hand of Skeletron have a chance to inflict?
slow

Name one of the 2 debuffs that all slimes are immune to.
venom

What is the only debuff the Moon Lord is immune to?
confused

Excluding the celestial pillars, name a non-event boss that is immune to all debuffs.
destroyer

How many seconds does the Silenced debuff last for when hit by a Pixie in Expert mode?
14

What is the only boss that can inflict the Feral Bite debuff?
duke fishron

What is the most powerful boss that shares its music theme with the Eye of Cthulhu?
duke fishron

>> [Enemy/Boss appearance] -------------------------
How many teeth are visible on the Eye of Cthulhu in its second phase?
8

How many gems are visible on the King Slime's crown?
7

How many visible gills does Duke Fishron have?
3

How many enemies are based on spiders?
4

How many eye sockets are in the Moon Lord's head?
5

Which Underground Crimson enemy resembles the Blood Lust Cluster?
crimson axe

Aside from The Possessed, which other enemy has the word "Possessed" in its name?
possessed armor

Which Flying Weapon-type enemy is not based on an item that can be obtained?
cursed hammer

The Enchanted Sword enemy has a sprite similar to which weapon?
excalibur

Name an enemy whose name starts with "Angry".
angry bones

What is the only slime enemy that has a face?
toxic sludge

Which pirate enemy wears an eyepatch?
deadeye

Which of The Twins has a red iris?
retinazer

Which of The Twins has a lime iris?
spazmatism

Which Frost Legion enemy carries a gun?
snowman gangsta

Name something that a Zombie can dress up as during the Halloween season.
pixie

Which enemy has a numerical digit in its name?
santa-nk1

Which non-boss Frost Moon enemy appears to be entirely made of ice?
flocko

Which enemy appears to be carrying a wooden table and chair?
poltergeist

Which enemy resembles a Zombie with a giant eyeball as its face?
eyezor

How many segments does The Destroyer have, including its head and tail?
82

How many enemies have names ending with "Elemental"?
4

How many enemies and items have names ending in the words "of Cthulhu"?
6

How many enemies have the word "Possessed" in their name?
2

How many friendly NPCs are either partially or fully non-human?
6

Which slime enemy appears to have buck teeth?
toxic sludge

Which Solar Eclipse enemy has the shortest name?
fritz

Which Hardmode enemy is a stronger version of the pre-Hardmode enemy Tim?
rune wizard

What is the first immobile caster enemy you can encounter that fires indestructible projectiles?
rune wizard

What is the name of the circular object that the Cultists can be found worshipping in front of the Dungeon?
mysterious tablet

What slime is circular in shape?
slimer

What is the only monster whose name contains "Monster"?
face monster

Which enemy visibly holds both of the items that it drops?
paladin

>> [Enemy/Boss drops] ------------------------------

How many times must you kill a specific enemy to receive its banner?
50

During a Blood Moon, which storage item has a chance of dropping from the Blood Zombie and the Drippler?
money trough

What ingredient, used in crafting the Fart in a Jar, has a chance of dropping from Giant Worms and Diggers?
whoopie cushion

Which pre-Hardmode enemy drops nothing in Hardmode?
meteor head

Which accessory has a 50% chance to drop in Normal mode, and a 100% chance to drop in Expert mode?
metal detector

What is the chance of a Sand Slime dropping the Slime Staff in Expert mode?
1/5600

On average, how many Goblin Peons need to be killed to get a Harpoon?
200

What is the drop rate of the Binoculars in normal mode? Answer as a percentage.
2.5%

What is the drop rate of the Brain Scrambler?
1%

What item is only dropped by Umbrella Slimes?
umbrella hat

What is the only boss that drops Healing Potions, and not Lesser or Greater Healing Potions?
wall of flesh

Which enemy can drop a Jack 'O Lantern Mask?
headless horseman

Which boss drops the only hardcore-exclusive item?
eye of cthulhu

What is the only non-event boss that doesn't drop coins?
moon lord

Which armor set can be dropped by Hornets?
ancient cobalt

The Eater of Souls enemy has a small chance of dropping pieces from which armor set?
ancient shadow

Which Hardmode enemy inflicts the Weak debuff, but cannot drop Vitamins?
scarecrow

Which enemy has two variations, each of which drops its own vanity mask?
lamia

What is the chance for the Eater of Souls to drop any individual piece of Ancient Shadow armor? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/525

Which item drops from all enemies except Meteor Heads and statue-spawned enemies during the Halloween seasonal event?
goodie bag

Other than weapons, what item can be dropped by Clowns?
trifold map

Which item drops from almost all enemies during the Halloween seasonal event?
goodie bags

Name a buff potion that can be dropped directly by slimes.
ironskin

Which enemy that spawns during rain has no unique drops?
flying fish

Which is the only enemy in the Pirate Invasion that cannot drop the Coin Gun?
parrot

Which Pirate Invasion enemy is most likely to drop the Coin Gun?
flying dutchman

What variant of Armored Bones does not drop an accessory that prevents a debuff?
hell

Of the Mimics that resemble actual chests, which one has a different drop table from the others?
ice

Which enemy resembles Cthulhu's disembodied head?
ancient vision

Which Old One's Army enemy has the largest number of unique drops?
ogre

Aside from Pinky, which slime enemy has an increased chance to drop the Slime Staff?
sand slime

Which enemy drops Cursed Flames, but cannot inflict Cursed Inferno?
world feeder

Which Hardmode spider-based enemy has no unique drops?
jungle creeper

Which weapon is rarely dropped by Cave Bats?
chain knife

What vanity item is dropped by Present Slimes during Christmas?
giant bow

Which crafting ingredient is dropped only by Giant Worms and Diggers?
whoopie cushion

Which enemy can drop Wooden Arrows?
zombie

What is the highest-value item that can be obtained from an enemy spawned by a statue?
giant harpy feather

How many different accessories can be dropped by the Wall of Flesh?
4

How many different weapons are dropped by the Goblin Summoner?
3

How many pairs of wings are dropped directly by enemies or bosses?
4

Which item dropped by Pirates has the same drop rate as the Discount Card?
pirate staff

Name an item dropped by Queen Bee that has no sell value.
hive wand

Which enemy drops Rainbow Bricks?
rainbow slime

Which enemy drops the Razorblade Typhoon?
duke fishron

What ranged weapon can be dropped by Corrupt Mimics?
dart rifle

What vanity item can be obtained by killing Piranhas?
robot hat

Which armor set can be obtained by killing Hoplites?
gladiator

Which mandatory boss has no guaranteed drops aside from healing potions?
skeletron

Which yoyo has a small chance of being dropped by enemies in the ice biome during Hardmode?
amarok

Which yoyo has a chance of dropping from Jungle enemies after one mechanical boss is defeated?
yelets

Which yoyo is dropped by Dungeon enemies after Plantera has been defeated?
kraken

How many types of Jellyfish can drop the Jellyfish Necklace?
3

What enemy other than the Ichor Sticker can drop Ichor?
tainted ghoul

How many different kinds of zombie banners are there?
8

What weapon can only be obtained from Armored Skeletons?
beam sword

What accessory is only dropped by Werewolves?
moon charm

What sword can be obtained from the Dungeon only after defeating Plantera?
keybrand

Which post-Plantera sword has the lowest sell value?
keybrand

What enemy can drop two different debuff immunity accessories?
pixie

Which light pet item drops from certain post-Plantera Dungeon enemies?
wisp in a bottle

What crafting material is always dropped by Ice Golems?
frost core

Which enemy drops the materials required to craft Turtle armor?
giant tortoise

What is the drop rate of the Death Sickle in Expert mode in the PC version? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/27

What is the drop rate of the Plumber's Hat from Fire Imps? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/250

What is the chance of the Pirate Captain dropping the Coin Gun? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/2000

What type of wood can only be obtained by killing enemies?
spooky

What is the only type of wood that cannot be used to craft armor or torches?
dynasty

Which enemy that drops the Adhesive Bandage does not walk on two legs?
angler fish

Which item can only be obtained from a Treasure Bag dropped by Duke Fishron?
srhimpy truffle

What block is used for crafting Martian furniture?
martian conduit plating

Which item, dropped from an enemy during a Solar Eclipse, transforms the player into merfolk form?
neptune's shell

Which item has the lowest drop rate of any enemy-dropped item?
slime staff

Which boss drops 0x33's Aviators if fought in Expert mode with a hardcore character?
eye of cthulhu

With the exception of any sort of Healing Potions and loot bag contents, which non-event boss has no guaranteed drops?
skeletron

Which boss has 2 different trophies?
twins

Which Hardmode Jellyfish can drop the Jellyfish Necklace?
green

How many different weapons can Ogres drop?
5

Name an enemy that is guaranteed to drop two vanity set pieces at once.
the bride

Name one of the 2 bosses that drop the largest number of coins.
golem

Which Golem drop has the lowest drop rate?
golem trophy

Which summoning weapon can be dropped by Duke Fishron?
tempest staff

How many different items can the Martian Saucer mini-boss drop upon death?
11

Including the treasure bag AND its contents, how many unique potential drops does the Moon Lord have?
17

How many different weapons can the Moon Lord drop?
9

How many different enemies can drop the Compass?
8

What ranged weapon is dropped by Duke Fishron?
tsunami

Which enemy drops Sturdy Fossils?
basilisk

What is the chance of any one weapon dropping from the Moon Lord? Answer as a fraction in simplest form.
1/9

Excluding event bosses, what is the only boss that doesn't drop any coins?
moon lord

Name one of the 2 magic weapons the Moon Lord can drop upon being defeated.
last prism

Which boss is the only source of Luminite?
moon lord

What type of souls drop from Skeletron Prime?
fright

What type of souls drop from The Destroyer?
might

What type of souls drop from The Twins?
sight

What type of souls drop from Wyverns?
flight

>> [Which X drops from X] --------------------------
Which Expert-exclusive accessory does the Eye of Cthulhu treasure bag drop?
shield of cthulhu

Which Expert-exclusive item does the Brain of Cthulhu treasure bag drop?
brain of confusion

Which item can only be obtained from a Treasure Bag dropped by Queen Bee?
hive pack

Which Expert-exclusive item can be obtained by killing Queen Bee?
hive pack

Which Expert-exclusive item does the Skeletron treasure bag drop?
bone glove

Which item can only be obtained from a Treasure Bag dropped by Plantera?
spore sac

Which Expert-exclusive item does the Golem treasure bag drop?
shiny stone

Which Expert-exclusive item can only be obtained by killing Golem?
shiny stone

Which Expert-exclusive mount item does the Duke Fishron treasure bag drop?
shrimpy truffle

Which Expert-exclusive item can only be obtained by killing Duke Fishron?
shrimpy truffle

Which weapon has a rare chance of dropping from Cave Bats?
chain knife

Which melee-exclusive accessory is dropped by Mimics?
titan glove

Which hook is dropped by Martian Saucers?
anti-gravity

Which yoyo can drop from the Giant Shelly?
rally

Which sword is dropped by Queen Bee?
bee keeper

Which mount item is dropped by the King Slime?
slimy saddle

Which pickaxe is dropped by The Undead Miner?
bone

Which sword has a chance of being dropped by Queen Bee?
bee keeper

Which pre-Hardmode weapon inflicts the Confused debuff?
bee keeper

Which accessory is dropped by Slimelings?
blindfold

What armor item has a chance of being dropped by sharks?
diving helmet

What magic weapon can be dropped by Skeletron?
book of skulls

What weapon can Skeletron drop in normal mode?
book of skulls

What hook is dropped by Skeletron?
skeletron hand

What is the name of the hammer dropped by the Wall of Flesh?
pwnhammer

Which sword is dropped by the Wall of Flesh?
breaker blade

What is the only weapon that non-biome specific mimics can drop in the PC version?
magic dagger

What melee weapon is dropped by Goblin Summoners?
shadowflame knife

What ranged weapon is dropped by Goblin Summoners?
shadowflame bow

What magic weapon is dropped by Goblin Summoners?
shadowflame hex doll

What equippable item can be dropped by Sharks?
diving helmet

Which accessory dropped by Mimics decreases the duration of the Potion Sickness debuff by 15 seconds?
philosopher's stone

Which accessory does the Slimeling drop?
blindfold

What weapon is dropped by Clowns?
bananarang

Besides Bananarangs, what else can the Clown enemy drop?
trifold map

Which gun has a small chance of being dropped by Plantera?
venus magnum

What is the fastest non-automatic gun?
venus magnum

Which enemy drops the Daedalus Stormbow?
hallowed mimic

Which weapon is dropped by Red Devils?
unholy trident

What type of bar do the mechanical bosses drop?
hallowed

What item does the Ice Golem have a 100% chance to drop?
frost core

Which weapon is exclusively dropped by Black Recluses?
poison staff

What item does the Dungeon Guardian drop?
bone key

Which vanity item is dropped by Tactical Skeletons?
swat helmet

Which accessory dropped by Bone Lee allows its wearer to dash?
tabi

Which gun has a small chance at dropping when Angry Trappers are killed?
uzi

Which accessory is a rare drop from Ice Tortoises?
frozen turtle shell

Which weapon is dropped by Dr. Man Fly?
toxic flask

Which flail has a chance of dropping when Plantera is killed?
flower pow

What is Plantera's rarest drop?
the axe

Which enemy can drop The Axe?
plantera

Name a weapon that is based on a musical instrument.
the axe

Which weapon drops from the Nailhead?
nail gun

Which material can be used to upgrade Turtle armor?
beetle husk

What is the only tool dropped by Golem?
picksaw

What is the name of the yoyo dropped by Mothron?
eye of cthulhu

Which hook is dropped by the Martian Saucer?
anti gravity

Which item, dropped by the Martian Saucer, provides the player with a mount that grants infinite flight when used?
cosmic car key

Which weapon is dropped by the Red Devil?
unholy trident

What pet is dropped by Pumpking?
spider egg

What vanity item does the Lunatic Cultist drop?
ancient cultist

Which Expert-exclusive item does the Moon Lord drop besides the Suspicious Looking Tentacle?
gravity glove

>> [Which enemy drops X] ---------------------------
Which enemy requires the largest number of kills per banner?
etherian goblin

Which enemy can drop a Shackle?
zombie

Which enemy drops the Ice Feather?
ice golem

Which enemy drops the Mandible Blade?
antlion charger

Which enemy drops the Umbrella Hat?
umbrella slime

What is the only boss that directly drops armor pieces?
king slime

Which enemy drops Vines?
man eater

Which vanity item does Doctor Bones drop?
archaeologist's hat

Which boss drops the Binoculars?
eye of cthulhu

Which enemy is the most likely to drop the Slime Staff?
pinky

Which enemy drops the Mandible Blade?
antlion charger

Which enemy drops the Wizard Hat?
tim

Which enemy drops tattered cloth?
goblin scout

Which enemy drops Javelins?
hoplite

Which pre-Hardmode enemy only spawns in Marble biomes?
hoplite

Which Dungeon enemy always drops a Golden Key?
dungeon slime

Which enemy drops the Nazar in the Dungeon?
cursed skull

Name an enemy that drops the Clothier Voodoo Doll.
angry bones

Which enemy can drop pieces of Ancient Shadow armor?
eater of souls

Which enemy drops the Top Hat?
groom

Which enemy drops Black Ink?
squid

Which enemy drops the Red Husk?
cochineal beetle

Which enemy drops Feathers?
harpy

Which pre-Hardmode enemy drops the Nazar?
cursed skull

Which enemy drops the Violet Husk?
lac beetle

Which enemy drops the Guide Voodoo Doll?
voodoo demon

Which enemy drops Souls of Flight?
wyvern

Which enemy drops the Rod of Discord?
chaos elemental

Which enemy drops the Magic Quiver?
skeleton archer

Name an enemy that can drop the Frost Staff.
ice golem

Which enemy drops Butterfly Dust?
moth

Which enemy drops the Nimbus rod?
angry nimbus

Which enemy drops pieces of the Elf vanity set?
zombie elf

Which enemy can drop the Metal Detector?
nymph

Which enemy has a chance of dropping the Putrid Scent?
corrupt mimic

Which of the three biome Mimics cannot drop an accessory?
hallowed

Which Crimson enemy drops Vitamins?
floaty gross

The Putrid Scent is the Corruption counterpart of which Crimson Mimic drop?
flesh knuckles

Which enemy has a chance of dropping the Life Drain?
crimson mimic

Which enemy drops Forbidden Fragments?
sand elemental

Which magic weapon can Crimson Mimics drop?
life drain

Which enemy has a chance to drop the Death Sickle?
reaper

Which enemy can drop the Putrid Scent?
corrupt mimic

Which enemy drops the Inferno Fork?
diabolist

Which enemy drops the Shadowbeam Staff?
necromancer

Which enemy drops the Fire Feather?
red devil

Which enemy drops the Spectre Staff?
ragged caster

Which enemy drops the Rocket Launcher?
skeleton commando

Which enemy drops the Tactical Shotgun?
tactical skeleton

What drops the Eyeball Spring?
eyezor

Which enemy drops the Neptune's Shell?
creature from the deep

Which enemy drops the Sniper Rifle?
skeleton sniper

Which enemy drops ectoplasm?
dungeon spirit

Which item does the Dungeon Spirit drop?
ectoplasm

Which summon item has a chance of dropping from Duke Fishron?
tempest staff

Which enemy drops The Eye of Cthulhu?
mothron

Which enemy drops the Brain Scrambler?
scutlix gunner

Which enemy can drop two pet summoning items?
dark mage

Which mini-boss has a chance of dropping the Christmas Tree Sword?
everscream

Which enemy drops the Razorpine?
everscream

What event boss drops the Reindeer Bells?
ice queen

>> [Dungeon spawns] --------------------------------
Which type of Dungeon wall is most likely to spawn Paladins, Skeleton Commandos, and Necromancers?
brick

Which type of Dungeon wall is the most likely to spawn Tactical Skeletons and Diabolists?
tiled

Which type of Dungeon wall is most likely to spawn Skeleton Snipers and Ragged Casters?
slab

====================================================

> [NPC] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

>> [NPC general] -----------------------------------
How many different friendly NPCs can be found?
26

How much health do town NPCs have?
250

Who is the first friendly NPC that the player will encounter?
guide

Name one of the three NPCs that use a different attack in Hardmode.
guide

Which town NPC drops an item on death ONLY if they have a certain name?
guide

What name must the Guide have in order to drop the Green Cap?
andrew

Which NPC increases the health regeneration of all nearby NPCs?
dryad

What is the only town NPC that the player cannot pay or receive money from?
guide

Which NPC must die in order to summon the Wall of Flesh?
guide

What is the Angler doing when the player first finds him?
sleeping

Which NPC can be found asleep in the Ocean biome?
angler

Which NPC heals other NPCs?
nurse

Which NPC instead of dying, leaves?
angler

Which NPC must arrive before players can start fishing?
merchant

Which NPC heals other NPCs upon taking damage?
nurse

Name an NPC that is found unconscious and must be woken up before they can move into housing.
angler

How much health must at least one player have before the Nurse will move in?
120

Which NPC has neither hair nor clothes?
truffle

Which town NPC starts off as an enemy?
tax collector

When healing friendly NPCs, how much health does each individual syringe of the Nurse restore?
20

What color clothing does the Dryad wear?
green

According to the Dryad herself, how many years old is she?
500

Which NPC is said to be the last survivor of an ancient race that perished in battle against Cthulhu?
dryad

Which NPC uses an actual sword for self-defense?
dye trader

Of the NPCs that are encountered in a bound state and must be rescued, which of them is not bound with rope?
stylist

Which friendly NPC wears a hard hat?
demolitionist

What species is the Witch Doctor?
lihzahrd

Which NPC uses Spiky Balls for self-defense?
goblin tinkerer

Which NPC has chewed on the Truffle's foot at least once?
clothier

Where can the Mechanic be found?
dungeon

Which NPC can only be found in the Dungeon?
mechanic

What weapon does the Angler use to defend himself?
frost daggerfish

Which NPC cannot exist in the same world as the Cultists?
old man

What is the name of the friendly NPC found deep in the Dungeon?
mechanic

Which NPC can be found in a spider nest?
stylist

Which NPC is unlocked after defeating the Queen Bee?
witch doctor

Which NPC has the lowest chance to spawn after fulfilling the necessary conditions?
party girl

Name an NPC who expresses concern for the Old Man when Skeletron has not yet been defeated.
nurse

Which NPC is a reference to My Little Pony?
party girl

Which weapon does the Skeleton Merchant NPC use?
bone

Which NPC requires housing to be made in a specific biome before moving in?
truffle

Which town NPC is unlocked after defeating a Goblin Army?
goblin tinkerer

Aside from the Arms Dealer, name an NPC who can fire bullets at enemies.
traveling merchant

Besides the Wizard, which other NPC casts a magical projectile for self-defense?
clothier

Which event unlocks the Santa NPC upon completion?
frost legion

Name one boss that can defeated as a requisite for the Tavernkeep to move in.
brain of cthulhu

Which NPC becomes available immediately after defeating Skeletron?
clothier

Which NPC is unlocked after defeating one mechanical boss?
steampunker

Which NPC unlocks upon defeating the Queen Bee?
witch doctor

Which NPC "leaves" instead of dying?
angler

How many NPCs must be present before the Painter will spawn?
8

Which NPC can spawn after at least 8 other NPCs have been acquired?
painter

How many town NPCs must be present in order for the Traveling Merchant to visit?
2

Which NPC attacks using three different weapons?
cyborg

Which is the only NPC that is not damaged by enemies?
old man

Which is the only friendly NPC that does not defend against enemies?
old man

Which NPC becomes able to move in immediately upon defeating Skeletron?
clothier

Which NPC is unlocked after defeating Plantera?
cyborg

Which NPC unlocks upon defeating any one of the mechanical bosses?
steampunker

Which town NPC will never wear a party hat?
tax collector

True or false: The Steampunker can be unlocked in a pre-Hardmode world.
true

What invasion do you need to defeat to get the Santa NPC?
frost legion

Which NPC is only available during a specific season?
santa

Which NPC gives you coins for free?
tax collector

How much money will the Tax Collector generate every 60 seconds per housed NPC?
50c

What is the maximum amount of money the Tax Collector can hold?
10g

The Party Girl will defend herself against nearby enemies using what item?
happy grenade

What is the name of the only NPC that accepts Defender Medals as currency?
tavernkeep

How many NPCs can defend themselves by firing bullets?
4

How many different friendly NPCs are there in the PC version?
26

Excluding the Cyborg, how many friendly NPCs are not human?
5

How many different friendly NPCs have their own voodoo dolls?
2

How many friendly NPCs can drop items when they die?
9

How many different NPCs drop their weapons upon death?
6

How many NPCs cannot move into a house?
3

How many NPCs cannot be assigned to houses?
3

How many town NPCs sell wings?
2

How many different paintings does the Traveling Merchant sell?
9

How many NPCs are found unconscious and must be woken up before they can move into housing?
2

How many NPCs are found in a bound state and must be rescued before they can move into housing?
4

How many different bosses can be summoned by sacrificing an NPC?
2

Which town NPC only moves in after there's housing available in a specific biome?
truffle

Who is the only NPC that the Truffle trusts?
dryad

Which is the only time-exclusive NPC in the PC version?
santa claus

>> NPC wares ---------------------------------------

Without any debuffs, what is the maximum amount of coins the Nurse can charge the player to heal them?
4s 49c

How much does the Nurse charge to remove a debuff?
7s 50c

How much does it cost to heal 100 health at the Nurse?
75c

How many different paintings does the Painter sell?
14

How many different kinds of wallpaper does the Painter sell?
20

Which NPC can drop a ranged weapon when killed?
painter

Which item does the Painter have a chance to drop upon death?
paintball gun

What is the most expensive paint?
negative

Name a type of paint that is only purchasable in Hardmode.
shadow

Which item can be bought from a female NPC only during the Waning Crescent moon phase?
mechanic's rod

Name a type of animal skin that can be purchased from the Traveling Merchant.
tiger

Name an NPC who can sell wings.
witch doctor

Which NPC sells Ale?
tavernkeep

Who sells marshmallows?
merchant

What crafting station is sold by the Truffle?
autohammer

Which animal skin sold by the Traveling Merchant does not belong to an animal native to Africa?
tiger

How many seconds does it take to cook a Marshmallow on a Stick?
15

Which NPC sells items that cannot be bought with coins?
tavernkeep

Who do you buy the Minishark from?
arms dealer

Name a town NPC that sells another town NPC's clothing during Halloween.
arms dealer

What item does the Arms Dealer always sell in Hardmode that is unrelated to guns or bullets?
unholy arrow

How much does it cost to buy Illegal Gun Parts?
25g

What material sold by the Arms Dealer is used to craft six different types of Hardmode ammo?
empty bullet

How much does it cost to buy a Mushroom Spear?
70g

What is the most expensive item the Witch Doctor can sell in pre-Hardmode?
imbuing station

Which item sold by the Traveling Merchant appears to be Native American-themed?
sitting duck's fishing pole

Which item does the Clothier drop on death?
red hat

How many NPCs can sell wings?
2

Which ranged weapon that fires Rockets can be purchased from an NPC?
proximity mine launcher

What is the cheapest item that the Arms Dealer can sell?
empty bullet

What item must be in your inventory in order to buy Tiki armor from the Witch Doctor?
pygmy staff

Which item does the Traveling Merchant drop upon death?
peddler's hat

What is the rarest item you can buy from the Traveling Merchant?
angel halo

Which item does the Stylist have a chance to drop when she dies?
stylish scissors

Which weapon is only obtainable as a drop from a female town NPC?
stylish scissors

What is the fastest pre-Hardmode broadsword obtainable outside of Halloween?
stylish scissors

Which item does the Dye Trader have a chance of dropping upon death?
exotic scimitar

Which item does the Tavernkeep have a chance of dropping upon death?
ale tosser

Aside from the Companion Cube, which other item sold by the Traveling Merchant costs more than 1 platinum?
diamond ring

Which item does the Party Girl have a chance of dropping upon death?
happy grenade

Which weapon does the Painter have a chance drop upon death?
paintball gun

Which NPC sells explosive items?
demolitionist

Which NPC sells water fountains?
witch doctor

What is the most expensive item sold by the Wizard?
ice rod

Which armor set is sold by the Witch Doctor?
tiki

What item is only sold by the Clother while in a Snow biome?
beanie

Which item sold by the Steampunker enables an easy method to spread certain biomes?
clentaminator

Which NPC sells the Clentaminator?
steampunker

Who sells all types of solution except dark blue?
steampunker

What item does the Witch Doctor sell only during Halloween?
cauldron

Out of all the items sold by the Steampunker that are locked behind certain moon phases, which single item is NOT sold during the same phases as the others?
jetpack

Which NPC must be present before the Pirate will sell you a Bunny Cannon?
party girl

What food item can be indirectly bought from the Party Girl?
bacon

Which hook is sold by the Steampunker?
static

What item can only be obtained from the Cyborg after clearing Martian Madness?
hitek sunglasses

In total, how many different items can you purchase from the Steampunker?
23

Which painting is sold by the Painter at all times, regardless of his location?
daylight

Which NPC sells the cannon?
pirate

Which item does the Tax Collector have a chance of dropping upon death?
classy cane

Which NPC does the purified Tortured Soul turn into?
tax collector

Which NPC must be rescued from the Underworld?
tax collector

Which item turns the Tortured Soul into the Tax Collector?
purification powder

Name an NPC that sells items related to yoyos.
skeleton merchant

Aside from the Arms Dealer, which NPC sells ammo for the Nail Gun?
merchant

Aside from the Arms Dealer, which NPC sells ammo for the Stynger?
witch doctor

Name one of the 2 items sold by the Skeleton Merchant that reveal nearby treasure.
magic lantern

How many different items can be used to expose treasure?
4

During which moon phase does the Skeleton Merchant sell the Magic Lantern?
full

What is the only item required to craft the Grand Design that is purchased from an NPC other than the Mechanic?
ruler

Out of all the items sold by the Steampunker that are locked behind certain moon phases, which single item is NOT sold during the same phases as the others?
jetpack

Which item is the reward for the 10th Angler quest?
angler hat

Which item is the reward for the 15th Angler quest?
angler vest

Which item is the reward for the 20th Angler quest?
angler pants

Which wings can be obtained by completing fishing quests?
fin wings

Name a pair of wings that does not provide a horizontal speed bonus.
fin

What is the minimum number of Angler quests that need to be completed in order to obtain the Golden Fishing Rod?
30

What is the minimum number of Angler quests that must be completed in order to obtain the full Angler set?
20

What is the chance of receiving Fin Wings from an Angler quest after the 10th quest? Answer as a a fraction in simplest form.
1/70

Which wings can be obtained via fishing quests?
fin

How many different trophies can you get from fishing quest rewards?
4

How many different types of animal skin can be purchased from the Traveling Merchant?
3

Which gun is sold by the Traveling Merchant ONLY after Hardmode is activated?
gatligator

Which weapon sold by the Traveling Merchant has the lowest chance of appearing in his inventory?
gatligator

How many items sold by the Traveling Merchant cost 1 platinum or more?
2

Which accessory sold by the Traveling Merchant is used in two different crafting recipes?
celestial magnet

Which accessory increases the player's pickup range for mana stars?
celestial cuffs

What is the most powerful yoyo sold by the Traveling Merchant?
code 2

Which accessory bought from the Traveling Merchant displays nearby rare enemies?
lifeform analyzer

What is the most expensive item in the game?
companion cube

What is the second most expensive item in the game?
parrot cracker

What is the price of the second most expensive item?
3p 75g

How much does the Companion Cube cost?
5p

How much does it cost to buy a Diamond Ring?
2p

How much does the Clentaminator cost?
2p

How much does it cost to buy Leaf Wings?
1p

How much does a Mushroom Spear cost?
70g

What is the price of the cheapest purchasable set of wings?
40g

How much does it cost to buy a Minishark?
35g

How much money does it cost to buy 1 of every type of paint sold by the Painter?
5s 25c

How much does it cost to purchase 200 Spiky Balls?
1g 60s

What is the sell price of a Spectre bar?
1g

How much do the Rocket Boots sell for?
1g

Golden creatures sell for how much gold?
10

Which bars sell for the same amount as Spectre bars?
shroomite

Which bar sells for the most when sold to an NPC?
luminite

How many items does the Truffle sell?
6

How much does it cost to buy a Toolbelt?
10g

>> NPC name questions ------------------------------

Asher, Harley, and Trent are possible names of which NPC?
guide

Alfred, Gus, and Milton are possible names of which NPC?
merchant

Abigail, Emily, and Molly are possible names of which NPC?
nurse

Ahirom, Danel, and Kanmi are possible names of which NPC?
dye trader

Bazdin, Fikod, and Oten are possible names of which NPC?
demolitionist

Alalia, Evvie, and Shea are possible names of which NPC?
dryad

Andre, Jalen, and Tony are possible names of which NPC?
arms dealer

Abibe, Konah, and U'wa are possible names of which NPC?
witch doctor

Alfred, Eustace, and Pip are possible names of which NPC?
clothier

Amy, Lauren, and Sally are possible names of which NPC?
mechanic

Arback, Nort, and Ragz are possible names of which NPC?
goblin tinkerer

Annabel, Iris, and Ruby are possible names of which NPC?
stylist

Abraham, Mercer, and Willy are possible names of which NPC?
traveling merchant

Abram, Maelor, and Tagar are possible names of which NPC?
wizard

David, Jack, and Jake are possible names of which NPC?
pirate

Bruno, Leonardo, and Mauro are possible names of which NPC?
painter

Bailey, Destiny, and Paris are possible names of which NPC?
party girl

Ada, Lilly, and Whitney are possible names of which NPC?
steampunker

Alpha, Mu, and Lambda are possible names of which NPC?
cyborg

Mika and Tom are possible names of which NPC?
skeleton merchant

Filmore, Chester, and Ronald are possible names of which NPC?
tax collector

Adam, Jimmy, and Spencer are possible names of which NPC?
angler

Abibe, Konah, and U'wa are possible names of which NPC?
truffle

Enoki, Morel, and Porcini are possible names of which NPC?
truffle

Bill, Ernest, and Jerry are possible names of which NPC?
tavernkeep

How many different names can the Santa NPC have?
1

Which NPC can be named Mario or Luigi?
painter

Which NPC can be named "Zelda"?
steampunker

Which NPC can have the same first name as Cenx?
steampunker

Which NPC can have several names that are Japanese in origin?
truffle

Which NPC can have several names that reference United States presidents?
tax collector

>> NPC quotes -------------------------------

How many of the Old Man's quotes do not contain the word 'master' in the PC version?
7

Which NPC has multiple quotes that reference the movie Forrest Gump?
clothier

Which NPC has a quote that mentions how the Nurse "doesn't sell anything"?
arms dealer

Which NPC sometimes calls the player by the wrong name?
wizard

According to the Nurse, which other NPC requires her services every day?
demolitionist

Which NPC complains about the Merchant trying to sell them Angel Statues?
dryad

Which NPC has a quote that references the internet meme "took an arrow to the knee"?
cyborg

Which NPC says "I wonder if the moon is made of cheese... huh, what? Oh yes, buy something!"?
merchant

Which NPC says "Have you seen that Old Man pacing around the dungeon? He looks troubled"?
nurse

Which NPC says "Hey, watch where you're going! I was over there a little while ago!"?
mechanic

Which NPC says "I make a rather enchanting hot chocolate if you'd be inter... No? Ok."?
wizard

Which NPC says "Should I become an air pirate? I've considered becoming an air pirate."?
steampunker

Which NPC has a quote that includes the word "fortnight"?
pirate

According to the Dye Trader, what is the only type of wood that is worth dyeing?
rich mahogany

Which female NPC does not have special dialogue during a Blood Moon?
party girl

====================================================

> Achievements ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

How many achievements, in total, are there in Terraria on the Steam edition?
88

What enemy rewards the "Til Death..." achievement when slain?
the groom

Which achievement would you get when an NPC moves into your house successfully? Answer should be exact.
no hobo

Which achievement would you get for breaking a Crystal Heart for the first time? Answer should be exact.
heart breaker

Which achievement would you get for consuming your first Mana Crystal? Answer should be exact.
star power

Which achievement would you get for obtaining your first iron/lead anvil? Answer should be exact.
heavy metal

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Eye of Cthulhu?
eye on you

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Eater of Worlds for the first time? Answer should be exact.
worm fodder

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Brain of Cthulhu for the first time?
mastermind

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Queen Bee for the first time? Answer should be exact.
sting operation

Which achievement would you get for defeating Skeletron for the first time? Answer should be exact.
boned

Which achievement would you get for unlocking your first Gold Chest within the Dungeon? Answer should be exact.
dungeon heist

Which achievement would you get for reaching the underworld for the first time? Answer should be exact.
it's getting hot in here

Which achievement would you get for crafting the Molten Pickaxe? Answer should be exact.
miner for fire

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Wall of Flesh for the first time? Answer should be exact.
still hungry

Which achievement would you get for equipping a pair of wings for the first time? Answer should be exact.
head in the clouds

Which achievement would you get for obtaining any boss-summoning item for the first time? Answer should be exact.
like a boss

Which achievement would you get for defeating all three mechanical bosses for the first time?
buckets of bolts

Which achievement would you get for crafting the Drax or the Pickaxe Axe? Answer should be exact.
drax attax

What achievement would you get for mining your first Chlorophyte Ore? Answer should be exact.
photosynthesis

Which achievement would you get for consuming a Life Fruit for the first time? Answer should be exact.
get a life

Which achievement would you get for defeating Plantera for the first time? Answer should be exact.
the great southern plantkill

Which achievement would you get for mining Lihzahrd bricks from the Jungle Temple? Answer should be exact.
temple raider

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Golem for the first time? Answer should be exact.
lihzahrdian idol

Which achievement would you get for obtaining a rare item from an enemy in the post-Plantera Dungeon? Answer should be exact.
robbing the grave

Which achievement would you get for opening your first biome chest? Answer should be exact.
big booty

Which achievement would you get for defeating Duke Fishron for the first time? Answer should be exact.
fish out of water

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Lunatic Cultist for the first time? Answer should be exact.
obsessive devotion

Which achievement would you get for defeating all four Celestial Pillars? Answer should be exact.
star destroyer

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Moon Lord for the first time? Answer should be exact.
champion of terraria

Which achievement would you get for surviving your first Blood Moon? Answer should be exact.
bloodbath

Which achievement would you get for defeating the King Slime for the first time? Answer should be exact.
slippery shinobi

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Goblin Army for the first time? Answer should be exact.
goblin punter

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Pirate Invasion for the first time? Answer should be exact.
walk the plank

Which achievement would you get for surviving your first Solar Eclipse? Answer should be exact.
kill the sun

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Frost Legion for the first time? Answer should be exact.
do you want to slay a snowman?

Which achievement would you get for reaching the 15th wave of a Pumpkin Moon?  Answer should be exact.
baleful harvest

Which achievement would you get for reaching the 15th wave of a Frost Moon? Answer should be exact.
ice scream

Which achievement would you get for surviving the event Slime Rain? Answer should be exact.
sticky situation

Which achievement would you get for housing all possible town NPCs in your world? Answer should be exact.
real estate agent

Which achievement would you get for entering your first Spider Nest? Answer should be exact.
jeepers creepers

Which achievement would you get for encountering an above-ground Mushroom biome? Answer should be exact.
funkytown

Which achievement would you get for reaching Space? Answer should be exact.
into orbit

Which achievement would you get for reaching the very bottom of the Underworld? Answer should be exact.
rock bottom

Which achievement would you get for defeating all three mechanical bosses simultaneously in a single battle? Answer should be exact.
mecha mayhem

Which achievement would you get for defeating at least one of every type of slime? Answer should be exact.
gelatin world tour

Which achievement would you get for equipping armor or vanity clothing in all three social slots?
fashion statement

Which achievement would you get for killing an enemy by running over it with a minecart? Answer should be exact.
vehicular manslaughter

Which achievement do you obtain upon destroying ten thousand blocks? Answer should be exact.
bulldozer

Which achievement would you get for defeating a Nymph for the first time? Answer should be exact.
deceiver of fools

Which achievement would you get for obtaining a Terra Blade?
sword of the hero

Which achievement would you get for surviving a fall with not much health left? Answer should be exact.
lucky break

Which achievement would you get for throwing a yoyo for the first time? Answer should be exact.
throwing lines

Which achievement would you get for equipping dyes in all dye slots? Answer should be exact.
dye hard

Which achievement would you get for obtaining the Terrarian? Answer should be exact.
sick throw

Which achievement would you get by spending over 1 Gold total being treated by the nurse? Answer should be exact.
the frequent flyer

Which achievement would you get by equipping your first mount? Answer should be exact.
the cavalry

Which achievement would you get by obtaining a Minishark? Answer should be exact.
completely awesome

Which achievement would you get for defeating Doctor Bones for the first time? Answer should be exact.
archaeologist

Which achievement would you get for defeating Pinky for the first time? Answer should be exact.
pretty in pink

Which achievement would you get by firing a Rainbow Gun while riding a Unicorn mount?
rainbows and unicorns

Which achievement would you get for obtaining a Rainbow Rod?
prismancer

Which achievement would you get for traveling a total of 26.2 miles on foot? Answer should be exact.
marathon medalist

Which achievement would you get by obtaining the Golden Fishing Rod from the Angler? Answer should be exact.
glorious golden pole

Which achievement would you get by completing 10 Angler quests? Answer should be exact.
good little slave

Which achievement would you get by completing 25 Angler quests?
trout monkey

Which achievement would you get for completing 50 Angler quests? Answer should be exact.
fast and fishious

Which achievement would you get for reaching maximum health and mana? Answer should be exact.
topped off

Which achievement would you get for defeating every boss in game? Answer should be exact.
slayer of worlds

Which achievement would you get for equipping armor in all armor slots? Answer should be exact.
matching attire

Which Steam achievement has the lowest global completion rate? Answer should be exact.
supreme helper minion!

====================================================

> [Lore] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What are the Gods testing?
fairness

Who established a balance to guarantee fairness for all living creatures?
gods

A defense mechanism to ensure the balance is upheld at all costs?
hallow

Which entity is said to be a "guardian" that serves as the world's master and core?
wall of flesh

Who experiences communications from the world?
player

What does universal fairness apply to?
life

What must be balanced before the mind of a living organism can die?
feelings

Which biome is said to be a defense mechanism that destroys any perceived threat to the critical balance of life?
hallow

What must Corruption do to life before it can destroy it?
balance

What is each world in Terraria?
a sentient being

What is the Crimson trying to restore at all costs?
balance

The Hallow cures threats that would attempt to violate what?
balance of life

Which boss that does not have "Cthulhu" in its name is said to have been part of Cthulhu's body?
skeletron

What organization is the Guide a part of?
order of the guide

What used to be a thriving city full of life until a curse forced all its inhabitants to go mad?
dungeon

Each world in Terraria can feel the thoughts of all living creatures for a sole purpose. What is that sole purpose?
fairness

Canonically, who built the mechanical bosses?
mechanic

Who stopped Cthulhu from destroying the world?
dryads

What is communicating with the player throughout the game?
world

Many accross Terraria have fallen under the possession of what?
cult

Which biome is said to be a single being that shares a connected hive mind?
crimson

According to official lore, who is responsible for building the mechanical bosses?
mechanic

====================================================

> [Terraria versions] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Which platform was Terraria first released on after PC?
ps3

What boss was an exclusive on mobile, 3DS and console versions of Terraria?
ocram

What was the strongest obtainable bullet in Terraria's original release?
meteor shot

Which 1.3 weapon had its name changed before it was actually released?
vortex beater

What was the first item introduced that grants the Well Fed buff?
bowl of soup

In what year was the 3DS version of the game released?
2015

What was the original name for the Dangersense Potion?
trapsight

Name one of the 2 pairs of wings first added to the game.
demon

Prior to the introduction of planter boxes, what item was commonly used for farming herbs?
clay pot

What was the former name of the Drax in version 1.1?
hamdrax

Name a type of bullet that was added in version 1.1.
crystal

Name one of the 3 Hardmode ores introduced in version 1.1.
cobalt

What was the first craftable statue added to Terraria?
armor

Prior to version 1.0.5, which accessory consumed mana while in use?
rocket boots

Prior to PC version 1.1, how many spell tomes were in the game?
2

Prior to version 1.2, which Hardmode enemy had the ability to destroy blocks?
clown

Prior to PC version 1.2, what was the Shadow Orb light pet called?
orb of light

What was the first light pet introduced in the game?
orb of light

Prior to PC version 1.3.1, what in-game glitch-turned-feature was used to simulate the effect of logic gates?
hoik

What name was coined to describe an accidental feature that allows entities to be rapidly transported using sloped tiles?
hoik

Which version of the game introduced wiring?
1.1

Which PC version of the game introduced wings?
1.1

Which version of the game introduced the Wall of Flesh?
1.1

Which PC version of the game introduced Hardmode?
1.1

Which version of the game introduced the Crimson biome?
1.2

Which PC version of the game introduced the Bee Hive mini-biome?
1.2

Which PC version of the game introduced the Party Girl NPC?
1.2

Which version of the game introduced the summoner class?
1.2

Which PC version of the game renamed the Hamdrax to Drax and removed its hammer functionality?
1.2

Which PC version of the game introduced the Pumpkin Moon event?
1.2.1

Which PC version of the game introduced the Chaos State debuff?
1.2.1.2

Which PC version of the game introduced the Frost Moon event?
1.2.2

Which version of the game allowed accessories to be visible on the player?
1.2.3

Prior to which PC version of the game could Goldfish be obtained without the use of the Bug Net?
1.2.3

Which PC version of the game introduced the Mana Sickness debuff?
1.2.3

Which version of the game introduced Duke Fishron?
1.2.4

Which version of the game added functionality to enemy banners?
1.3

Which PC version of the game officially added Mac and Linux support?
1.3.0.8

In what year was PC version 1.3.0.1 released?
2015

Prior to version 1.2.0.3, which item had a drop rate of 1/80000, the lowest in the game at the time?
uzi

Which boss was regarded as the final boss in Terraria's original release?
skeletron

Which consumable weapon was nerfed in version 1.3.0.1?
molotov cocktail

How many bullets were available in Terraria's original release?
2

Which version of the game introduced the first and only armor item with negative damage bonuses?
1.2.3

How many bullet types were added in version 1.1?
2

Prior to version 1.1, what item other than mana potions could be consumed to restore mana?
fallen star

Prior to version 1.2.3, which crafting station could be used to drain water?
hellforge

Prior to PC version 1.3.0.5, which sword could be fished in the Jungle in Hardmode?
seedler

Name a movement-related debuff that was added after version 1.3.0.1.
mighty wind

Which accessory was crafted using Souls of Fright prior to version 1.3.0.1?
neptune's shell

Which tool received buffs in the 1.3 update that were suggested by a forum member named zimberzimber?
staff of regrowth

Name an accessory added in 1.3 that can be crafted using only materials available in 1.2.4.
celestial shell

Prior to version 1.3, which hammer had the highest range?
spectre hamaxe

Prior to version 1.3, which hammer/hamaxe had the highest range?
spectre

What is the fastest hammer that was introduced before version 1.3?
the axe

Prior to version 1.3.0.5, which sword could be obtained by fishing in the Jungle in Hardmode?
seedler

Name a Cavern layer enemy that was introduced in version 1.3.
salamander

====================================================

> External media ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

>> References --------------------------------------

The Creeper set is a reference to which video game?
minecraft

What game is the S.D.M.G. a reference to?
edge of space

The Breaker Blade is a reference to what popular JPRG video game franchise?
final fantasy

What mythology is the Valkyrie yoyo a reference to?
norse

The Midas debuff is a reference to a king from which mythology?
greek

The Vampire vanity set is a reference to what 1931 horror movie?
dracula

Which item sold by the Traveling Merchant is a reference to the popular TV show "Doctor Who"?
fez

The Karate Tortoise vanity set is a reference to which member of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
leonardo

The Flower of Fire is a reference to what video game franchise?
mario

The Plumber's vanity set sold by the Clothier is a reference to what video game character?
mario

The Hero's set is a reference to which third-party character?
link

The Keybrand is a reference to a sword wielded by which character in the popular video game franchise 'Kingdom Hearts'?
sora

The Keybrand is a reference to which video game franchise?
kingdom hearts

The male version of the Treasure Hunter vanity set is a reference to what character from the action-adventure third-person shooter video game series 'Uncharted'?
nathan drake

The female version of the Treasure Hunter vanity set is a reference to what character from the action-adventure video game series 'Tomb Raider'?
lara croft

The Engineering Helmet is a reference to which other video game?
team fortress 2

The Space Creature vanity set is a reference to what 1979 science fiction horror movie?
alien

The name 'Plantera' is a reference to which heavy metal band?
pantera

Which vanity set named after a real person can be obtained in pre-Hardmode?
pedguin

What person is "The Axe" a tribute to?
dimebag darrell

What type of guitar is The Axe?
gibson flying v

Phaseblades and Phasesabers are a reference to what popular movie series?
star wars

The Martia Lisa painting is a parody of what popular painting by 16th century polymath Leonardo da Vinci?
mona lisa

Which enemy is named after a famous actor who starred in martial arts movies?
bone lee

The Cyborg quote "My expedition efficiency was critically reduced when a projectile impacted my locomotive actuator." is a reference to which 2011 action role-playing video game?
skyrim

The Parka vanity set is a reference to what American animated sitcom series?
south park

Which item is a reference to the YouTuber Tobuscus?
tartar sauce

From what game does the Old One's Army originate?
dungeon defenders 2

What is the Meowmere a reference to?
nyan cat

Which Moon Lord weapon is a reference to a 2011 internet meme?
meowmere

Which NPC can have a name that directly references a Terraria YouTuber?
clothier

Which Clothier name was inspired by a YouTuber?
james

Which achievement is a reference to the popular Disney movie 'Frozen'? Answer should be exact.
do you want to slay a snowman?

Which TV show does the Merchant's line "Buy something or die." reference?
star trek

The Bladed Glove is a reference to what popular character/movie?
freddy krueger

The Butcher is a reference to what character from the 1974 American slasher movie The Texas Chain Saw Massacre?
leatherface

Dr. Man Fly is a reference to what 1958 science fiction horror movie?
the fly

Which enemy is a reference to the 1958 science fiction horror movie The Fly?
dr man fly

The Possessed is a reference to what 1973 supernatural horror movie?
the exorcist

Which enemy is a reference to the 1973 supernatural horror movie The Exorcist?
the possessed

The Nailhead is a reference to what 1987 horror movie?
hellraiser

Which enemy is a reference to the 1987 supernatural horror movie Hellraiser?
nailhead

Mothron is a reference to what movie?
mothra

The Vampire vanity set is a reference to what 1931 vampire-horror movie?
dracula

"Terraria: Shut up and Dig Gaiden!" is a reference to a freeware video game that is based on what movie?
Barkley, Shut up and Jam: Gaiden

What is the "Fortune and glory, kid" line a reference to?
indiana jones

Which enemy is a reference to Indiana Jones?
doctor bones

The Pillagin Me Pixels painting is a reference to what game published by Re-Logic?
pixel piracy

Which sword is featured in one of the Steam Trading Cards for Terraria?
night's edge

Which gun is featured in one of the Steam Trading Cards for Terraria?
minishark

What is "Terraria: There is No Cow Layer" a reference to?
diablo

Which author does the title message "Terraria: Rumors of the Guides' death were greatly exaggerated" refer to?
mark twain

How many items in Terraria are references to the video game "Portal"?
3

>> [Community] -------------------------------------

In what year was the Re-Logic YouTube channel created?
2006

In which year was the first trailer for Terraria released?
2011

In what year was Terraria originally released?
2011

When was Terraria's initial release? Answer in the following format: YYYY/MM/DD
2011/05/16

When was Redigit (the creator of Terraria) born? Answer in the following format: YYYY/MM/DD
1983/11/12

The Party event was added to celebrate which anniversary of Terraria's release?
5

How many Re-Logic members listed on the company's website do not have a vanity set named after them?
4

What is Yoraiz0r's role within Re-Logic?
lead developer

Who is the current lead developer of Terraria?
yoraiz0r

Which NPC represents Terraria in Dungeon Defenders 2?
dryad

What letter in the official Terraria logo is made entirely of Stone Blocks?
i

Name a Re-Logic team member listed on the website who does not have an in-game vanity set. (Use their nickname.)
safemanda

Which Re-Logic member holds the title of 'Consigliere'?
loki

Which Re-Logic spriter is credited in the tooltips of paintings as "J. T. Myhre"?
jim

Which Terraria sprite artist's in-game vanity set includes a barrier platform? Answer should be the alias used in the item name, not a real name.
lazure

Who composed Terraria's soundtrack?
scott lloyd shelly

Which popular Swedish Terraria Youtuber hosted a Terraria themed olympics event in 2012?
yrimir

Which Swedish Terraria YouTuber arguably popularized the "summoner only" playthrough with a character named Hagrid?
yrimir

Which former Re-Logic employee said "Sand is overpowered"?
blue

Some yoyos in the game have an icon in their tooltip, what yoyo producer does that icon represent?
one drop

How many yoyos feature the One Drop logo?
11

Which Re-Logic member has the most excessive style?
leinfors

Which company's logo appears in the tooltip for some yoyos?
one drop

What is the strongest One Drop yoyo that existed in real life before the company's partnership with Re-Logic?
yelets

What is the fan-given name for a vertical tunnel that leads to the deepest layers of Terraria?
hellevator

What does the commonly used abbreviation 'EoC' stand for?
eye of cthulhu

Which boss was first revealed as an April Fool's joke on the official Terraria forums?
duke fishron

====================================================

> [Misc.] ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What is the exact text that shows up on screen when the player dies?
you were slain...

Which player stat is 50% more effective in Expert mode?
defense

Which player stat is 50% less effective in Expert mode?
life regeneration

What is the default port of Terraria servers?
7777

What is the internal item id of the Dirt Block?
2

How many blocks wide is the player character?
2

How many different methods of double-tap dashing exist in the game?
3

Including the floor, walls, and ceiling, how many tiles must a house contain in order to be considered valid NPC housing?
60

How many items with white rarity are not destroyed by lava?
4

What will giving your character certain names cause to happen to the beam(s) of the Last Prism?
change color

Which item has the largest number of characters in its name?
baby grinch's mischief whistle

Alphabetically, what is the last item in Terraria?
zombie fish

What is the velocity of The Horseman's Blade multiplied by its base use time and then multiplied by its base damage?
22500

What color do messages sent by a hardcore character have in chat?
purple

According to one of Terraria's possible title messages, which block is overpowered?
sand

---

====================================================

== (Tips and) Trivia about #trivia ==
* Point placements:
100 -> 50 -> 25 -> 13 -> 7 -> 4 -> 2 -> 1 -> 1 -> 1 -> 1 -> 1 -> 1 -> 1 -> ???
(You get cooldown no matter the placement.)

* You start seeing multiple repeat questions in #trivia once you go back a full week. Going back even farther reveals more.

* On July 13th, 2019, the Trivia guide bot posted the question "3 y-o". The answer was never found, and the question timed out. It was later rumored that the trivia team was editing the bot during that time and this caused the infamous 3 y-o to show up.

* If the channel locked before you could send your answer and you're on PC, press Ctrl+A quickly at the start of the next question to remove the text.

* Fallen Stars can used to craft which block? [sic]

* What is fastest melee weapon in the game? [sic]

* Nane a pre-Hardmode item that allows you to move freely through water with no speed penalty. [sic]

* Trivia times out after 4 minutes and 30 seconds with the message "Trivia question was not answered in time!".

* The truffle is the only NPC (so far) that has two name questions.
** Enoki, Morel, and Porcini are possible names of which NPC?
** Abibe, Konah, and U'wa are possible names of which NPC?

* You can use tr!toggletriviarole in #trivia, and you won't get an X on your answer. It's better to use #bot-commands though, otherwise as you have to wait 5 minutes for a small window to toggle a notification you will have missed.

* Logic gate questions are solved by calculating (on lamps/total lamps). If you're good at fast division you should excel at them.

* "How many dye ingredients in total are needed to craft one Rainbow Dye?" (9) can be remembered as the combinations of the three flame dyes.

=== Bad Answers ===
* For "What in-game time does a world start at after being loaded for the first time?", you must specify 8:15 am. This was an older question updated in the October Update.

* For "Which pre-Hardmode mount performs the best in water?", "hardy saddle" does not work.

* For "Which fishing pole can catch fish in lava?", "hotline" does not work.

* For "Which item can be crafted with Pumpkins by hand?", "Pumpkin work bench" requires the space.

* For "Which storage item doesn't need to be placed in order to function?", "piggy bank" does not work.

* For "What is the Crimson variant of wood?", "shade" does not work.

* For "Which armor set grants you the ability to dash?" (solar flare), "solar" does not work.

* For "What is the only invasion event in which you are attacked by humans?", "pirate" does not work.

=== Alternate Answers ===
* "Mythril Ore and Orichalcum Ore spawn below what depth on a large world? Answer in either feet or tiles." accepts 1000 or 2000.

* "Which leg armor piece provides the largest increase to minion damage?" does not require   the full name, just "red riding" works.

* "Name a quest fish that is named after an real fish, and visually resembles the fish it is named after." accepts 'clownfish' or 'angelfish'.

* For the question "Name one of the 3 pickaxes with the weakest pickaxe power that can mine Luminite ore.", copper may be more iconic, but "tin" is faster.

* When you see "Name one of the 2 debuffs that all slimes are immune to." you may want to type poisoned, but all enemies immune to poisoned are also immune to venom. Type "venom" instead, it's shorter.

* For the question regarding naming a pair of wings from 1.1, you may want to consider typing "demon" instead of "angel". You can mistype "angel" as "angle" easily, and the characters in "demon" are closer together on a qwerty keyboard.

* For "What is the average start depth of the caverns on a large world? Answer in either feet or tiles.", you can answer 480 or 960. 960 is smooth movement from left to right, but 480 is two-handed. Choose which works best for you.

* For "Name one of the 2 fish used to craft the Inferno Potion.", you can answer "flarefin koi" (12) or "obsidifish" (10). While obisdifish is shorter, it requires a reach for the "b" key on a qwerty keyboard. Choose what works best for you.

* For "Name an item that can prevent fall damage from the Stoned debuff.", you can answer djinn's curse or featherfall potion. Obviously djinn's curse is shorter, but if you have trouble typing that, featherfall potion is something to fall back on.

* For "What is the drop rate of the Brain Scrambler?", you can type 1/100 if reaching for shift-5 is difficult.

* "Which debuff do flares inflict?" and "Which debuff does lava inflict?" do not require you to type the "!" from "On Fire!".

* "Which buff do sunflowers give when within a 50-tile radius of the player?" does not require you to type the "!" from "Happy!"

* For "Excluding obsidian, name a type of ore that the Spelunker Potion does not work on.", you can type either hellstone, obsidian, demonite, crimtane, or luminite. Choose what works best for you.

* For "Name one of the three debuffs that prevent all player movement.", stoned, webbed, and frozen all have 6 letters.

* For "Name one of the 2 magic weapons the Moon Lord can drop upon being defeated.", lunar flare does not require you to reach for the p (last prism), potentially saving time.

* "Golden creatures sell for how much gold?" does not require you to specify "10g". "10" is enough. In fact, this appears to be the only question that does this.

* The popular answer to "Name an Underground Crimson enemy that can move through blocks." is "floaty gross", but "crimson axe" saves 1 character, and prevents players from needing to reach both a t and y in the middle of the keyboard.

=== Deprecated Questions ===
What's the probability that a faulty logic gate with 5 on lamps and 15 off lamps will activate? Answer as a percentage.
25%

What's the probability that a faulty logic gate with 7 on lamps and 3 off lamps will activate? Answer as a percentage.
70%

What's the probability that a faulty logic gate with 4 on lamps and 36 off lamps will activate? Answer as a percentage.
10%

What's the probability that a faulty logic gate with 42 on lamps and 0 off lamps will activate? Answer as a percentage.
100%

What's the probability that a faulty logic gate with 1 on lamp and 1 off lamp will activate? Answer as a percentage.
50%

What's the probability that a faulty logic gate with 130 on lamps and 270 off lamps will activate? Answer as a percentage.
32.5%

What's the probability that a faulty logic gate with 0 on lamps and 64 off lamps will activate? Answer as a percentage.
0%

A Dungeon area with which type of Dungeon wall is the Ragged Caster most likely to spawn in?
slab

A Dungeon area with which type of Dungeon wall is the Skeleton Sniper most likely to spawn in?
slab

A Dungeon area with which type of Dungeon wall is the Skeleton Commando most likely to spawn in?
brick

A Dungeon area with which type of Dungeon wall is the Necromancer most likely to spawn in?
brick

A Dungeon area with which type of Dungeon wall is the Paladin most likely to spawn in?
brick

A Dungeon area with which type of Dungeon wall is the Diabolist most likely to spawn in?
tiled

A Dungeon area with which type of Dungeon wall is the Tactical Skeleton most likely to spawn in?
tiled

Which achievement would you get for chopping down a tree for the first time (or picking up wood)? Answer should be exact.
timber!!

Which achievement would you get for obtaining a hammer for the first time? Answer should be exact.
stop! hammer time!

Which achievement would you get for mining your first ore? Answer should be exact.
OoO! shiny!

Which achievement would you get for getting killed by a Trap for the first time? Answer should be exact.
watch your step!

Which achievement would you get for surviving your first full night? Answer should be exact.
you can do it!

Which achievement would you get for opening a Gold Chest for the first time? Answer should be exact.
i am loot!

Which achievement would you get for equipping a grappling hook for the first time? Answer should be exact.
hold on tight!

Which achievement would you get for smashing a shadow orb for the first time? Answer should be exact.
smashing, poppet!

Which achievement would you get for discovering a bee hive for the first time? Answer should be exact.
where's my honey?

Which achievement would you get for entering Hardmode? Answer should be exact.
it's hard!

Which achievement would you get for smashing a Demon/Crimson Altar using the Pwnhammer for the first time? Answer should be exact.
begone, evil!

Which achievement would you get for mining your first Hardmode ore? Answer should be exact.
extra shiny!

Which achievement would you get for defeating the Martian Invasion for the first time? Answer should be exact.
tin-foil hatter

Which achievement would you get for firing the Bee Gun while in a full set of Bee Armor? Answer should be exact.
not the bees!

Which achievement would you get for defeating Tim for the first time? Answer should be exact.
there are some who call him...

Which achievement would you get for defeating The Groom for the first time? Answer should be exact.
til death...

Which achievement would you get by having 9 minions summoned at the same time? Answer should be exact.
you and what army?

Which achievement would you get for having a Truffle move into a house created in the Mushroom Biome? Answer should be exact.
it can talk?!

Which achievement would you get by completing 1 Angler quest? Answer should be exact.
servant-in-training

Which achievement would you get for completing 200 Angler quests? Answer should be exact.
supreme helper minion!

===

LEGAL DISCLAIMER: Contributors to this guide are not responsible for how this guide is used.
